Dundee: Mark, J-M, Helen, Kenny, Riad, Dom, Simon, June

Remote: Josh, Wilma, Seb, Melissa, Andreas, Liza, David, Emil

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A8oGjkbszYGMO9Yeaq8FrEGPd3fgzofXnJmCegDwZ3I/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West (Workflows) - 14:01

    -   OMERO 5.4.5 required

        -   Issue with thumbnail caching (cf. pyramids work)

        -   [<u>ns-web memory/file
            > exhaustion</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/management_tools/issues/703)
            > / open services in Web. Test review.

            -   Kenny will adjust production servers.

            -   Also work on demo2 to perform the testing

        -   Other potential candidate: workflow when logging in as user
            > and switching to public user

        -   

    -   Iviewer:

        -   Final clean up before 1.0.0

        -   Website: addition of iviewer section

        -   Existing video to review

        -   Targetting release next week

    -   IDR 0.4.6 release yesterday. Infrastructure work about public
        > OMERO API access.

    -   B-F 5.8.1

        -   Planned for next week. Started to merge PRs

        -   David: ImageJ issue reported on Friday. Putting a fix on
            > both ends to mitigate problems.

-   East (infra/IDR 0.5.0) - 14:07

    -   IDR 0.4.7 with 1-2 datasets

        -   Dom has images imported. Working on rendering.

        -   JM: CLI render plugin requirements. Josh: not a priori

    -   IDR 0.5.0

        -   Soon will need to start discussing branch integration

        -   **Read-only** 5.4 server now starts well even with truly
            > read-only binary repository.

            -   A read-write server was previously started in that
                > repository to create required directories, etc. before
                > the repository was made read-only.

            -   Preexisting tables can be read via the tables service.

            -   Scripts can be listed.

        -   Bio-Formats **memoizer** issue to be discussed. (Memoizer
            > requires read-write.)

            -   Could require larger discussion. Maybe worth moving to
                > Memoizer2?

        -   DB **upgrade**: working but not particularly friendly.
            > Looking into solutions

            -   100G DB makes it hard to test. Maybe spin up 4-5 of
                > these?

        -   **Mapr**: working but not particularly fast (known). Also
            > looking into solutions.

        -   **Microservices** update

            -   Structure into place.

            -   How to integrate? Filter-branching low-level OMERO
                > components (dsl, model etc) might be a possibility.

    -   Pyramids

        -   Various todos on testing pyramid TIFFs

        -   To be turned into checklist / testing plan

-   Glencoe - 14:13

    -   Emil: focused on omero-parade. Working on bulk annotations at
        > the P/D/I level. Working against 5.4 branches

-   Community - 14:14

    -   Usersâ€™ Meeting

        -   June: 8 external registered!

    -   IDR 0.4.7/0.4.8

        -   Total of 3 datasets that are being looked at

        -   Planned release in roughly the next month and a half

        -   0.4.8 will likely have bigger dataset(s)

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
