Dundee: Kenny, Simon, Helen, Riad, Roger, Will, Mark, JM, June, Dom,
Petr, Jason

Remote: Melissa, David, Andreas, Wilma, Seb, Liza, Chris

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CkTQ9EK1B_XaXXOVGbMIwUr46tQvO6FIHz17UGu4Jj0/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West (Workflows)

    -   B-F 5.8.2

        -   Ongoing review of PRs See [<u>5.8.2
            > board</u>](https://trello.com/b/jTlKX5LP/bio-formats-582)

    -   OMERO 5.4.6

        -   5.4.5 deployed later today to nightshade and demo

        -   New server has now the daily build deployed so we can
            > monitor pipe and process

    -   iviewer

        -   Workflows improvement for 1.0.0 (later this month) See
            > [<u>1.0.0
            > board</u>](https://trello.com/b/n0uYFFOB/iviewer-10) Focus
            > is on card labelled as “Essential”, other cards are on the
            > board as a report.

        -   Current design issues (unlikely to be included in 1.0.0):

            -   [<u>issue
                > \#88</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/88),
                > [<u>issue
                > \#89</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/89),
                > [<u>issue
                > \#90</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/90)

        -   Ultimate deadline for release is the Users’ meeting

    -   Figure:

        -   Shape-editor (drawing component of figure) to be released to
            > support polygon and polyline

        -   [<u>Big image
            > support</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-figure/pull/243).
            > Required full review of figure

    -   Training:

        -   Started migration of training material

            -   Images used are now all under
                > [<u>http://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/images/</u>](http://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/images/)

            -   New repositories:

                -   [<u>https://github.com/ome/training-scripts</u>](https://github.com/ome/training-scripts)

                -   [<u>https://github.com/ome/training-notebooks</u>](https://github.com/ome/training-notebooks)

                -   More to come

            -   Website: re-activated work [<u>PR
                > 219</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/www.openmicroscopy.org/pull/219)

    -   IDR analysis:

        -   Continuous Deployment with GitLab in progress for JupyterHub

-   East (infra/IDR 0.5.0)

    -   Mark: Working on issues arising from bringing read-only work
        > into mainline CI.

    -   Roger: Bio-Formats

        -   Documentation work being ported for inclusion in 5.8.2

        -   OME-TIFF pyramid work - first PR opened for subresolution
            > refactoring

    -   Riad: working on a new build system. Initial use case:
        > microservices

-   Glencoe - 14:13 UK

    -   Thread leakage PR deployed in GS systems. Monitoring reported
        > different behaviors in terms of thread count

    -   Fixed history page in Web client (broken in 5.4.4)

    -   Hiring

-   Community

    -   IDR 0.4.7

        -   Targeting release of three datasets (idr0040, idr0041,
            > idr0042)

        -   Datasets at various stages of import into production
            > resource. DOIs requested.

    -   Website: shutting down legacy Plone website by Users meeting

        -   Should be no remaining redirects to legacy

    -   Funding

        -   \*\*\* and \*\*\* Awarded.

        -   Wellcome Biomed Resource to be submitted April 6
            > ([<u>drafts</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1IlafgkwsEfsv4syhqcGUVe35XPGbbTam))

            -   See LoS

    -   Users’ Meeting: Wed 30 May - Fri 01 Jun 2018

        -   [<u>Proposed
            > Agenda</u>](https://trello.com/b/UzBkdA5T/dundee-2018-annual-users-meeting)

        -   Start with lightning talks Wednesday morning

        -   Aiming for more short talks and fewer long talks, two
            > invited speakers.

        -   If you think of other speakers let Jason know ASAP

        -   Workshops on Thursday. Aiming for more coherent streams than
            > previously. Scheduling of people to be figured out, sign
            > up if you can.

        -   Seb: minimise infrastructure work required

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
