Dundee: Will, Petr, Kenny, Simon, Jean-Marie, June, Roger, Riad,

Remote: Josh, Helen, Sebastien, Melissa, David, Liza

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B2ytmM7Jmj58N2gzcWZ6UVJONTA)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West (Workflows)

    -   OMERO 5.4.4 release scheduled for Wednesday

        -   Thanks for review today

        -   Nightshade update on Thursday

    -   Prep for Dusseldorf

        -   [<u>workflow to be
            > used</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DaqjinR4HrcDTUaka3vUpe8bivMxLsc0TkdCxWAYWuk/edit#heading=h.pqjkgso2k1zm)

        -   Server upgraded to 5.4.4

        -   Using recent iviewer (rc)

            -   All PRs in except masks.

    -   iviewer

        -   Rc to be used

        -   Feedback welcome. Planning to release next week

        -   Video prep this week

    -   Simon: decoupling of notebooks from IDR

        -   Then prep for Users’ Meeting

    -   JM: Mac mini replacement? For ELMI / Users Meeting (around same
        > time)

    -   Target for prod046 for releasing public password

        -   Follow-on documentation

        -   Open it up on idr-testing first, this week.

-   East (infra/IDR 0.5.0)

    -   Various **build**-related releases going out. With new docs
        > strategy, end of “phase 1”

        -   Support building BF on Java9, all branches except ‘East’

        -   New Bioformats-documentation repo.

    -   Side note: some first (internal) repos might be getting a
        > **Python3** face lift.

        -   Learn on internal repos. OMERO.py etc later will be much
            > harder

    -   **Pyramid** pressure is growing.

        -   Melissa: attempted plain-TIFF + jpeg2000 strategy for
            > extra-OMERO pyramid generation strategy. Works with
            > limitations. Stop gap.

    -   No update on read-only, but there may be a **web leak**

        -   J-m: could combine with the public user swap issue

    -   Also looking into django benchmarking a la **streaming tar**
        > downloads

        -   Want to be able to measure call times for Django

    -   **idr0040** progresses despite naming fun

        -   Idr47 release with new data to follow idr46 (password
            > release)

    -   Various other cleanups: orgs, issues, gpfs, apex

    -   Github cleanup - move more to ‘ome’. Cleanup open issues &gt;
        > 300

-   Glencoe

    -   Still working on the things reported last week:

        -   Upgrading to 5.4. OMERO, BF, microservices.

        -   Improving options for centralised microservice
            > configuration.

        -   Investigating large multi-channel images

    -   Plus:

        -   Looking into pyramidal formats (above)

        -   Feeding back on OMERO.parade development

            -   J-m: React updated to react16.

            -   Candidate for devspace, (don’t want to break webclient)

-   Community

    -   Users’ Meeting

        -   Externals registering

        -   J-m: extra room for demos?

        -   June: pay per room (4 currently registered)

        -   No T-shirt idea yet.

        -   PDF for banner; email to Liza

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
