Dundee: Kenny, Petr, Dom, Mark, Riad, Simon, J-m, June, Jason

Remote: Seb, Josh, Frances, Andreas, Kevin, Chris, David, Wilma, Liza

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI) - 14:00
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   Accepted.

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In

    -   IDR

        -   IDR 0.6.0 release (Seb)

            -   Lightsheet datasets + KLB format + OMERO.iviewer

            -   Upcoming: OMERO.iviewer as the default IDR viewer

            -   Good community feedback (twitter)

            -   JRS: also excitement at conferences to see HPA &
                > lightsheet.

                -   Great highlight of the technology.

        -   IDR 0.6.1 datasets (Dom) - 14:04

            -   HPA second batch: unzipped & metadata ready

                -   waiting on server, but then done within 2 weeks

                -   next batch could conceivably been done base on (new)
                    > docs

                -   JRS: already interest in analysis community

            -   Potentially idr0047-neuert-yeastmRNA

            -   Prod61 needs a round of iviewer testing

                -   Next week (\~Thursday) after conferences/workshops

                -   J-m to prepare a testing sheet

                -   Good to have lots of hands

    -   Bio-Formats 6 - 14:06

        -   OME-TIFF blog post & dissemination (Seb)

            -   Positive feedback; highly retweeted

            -   Anatole will try a pyramidal TIFF (+BDV) submission

            -   Pete has tried B-F 6 in Qupath; feedback forthcoming

        -   Upcoming work (David)

            -   Priority is next milestone out before the holidays

            -   Including: memory leak fixes, tiling API, tiff writing
                > speed, BDV fixes

            -   JRS: Vendor interest

-   Data-Out - 14:12

    -   Mark: OMERO.downloader: Made small improvements in response to
        > testing by Petr and Simon. Discovered last Friday that its
        > TIFF export's pixel data is broken, see [<u>card on
        > Trello</u>](https://trello.com/c/6thsb9cW/52-bug-tiff-export-of-rgb-images).
        > If wanting to release imminently then may have to omit image
        > export (easy to hide that option) leaving only binary file
        > download and OME-XML metadata export (tags, ROIs, etc.).

        -   Hide option and release

        -   Josh: Feature list of what does work would be good, in
            > README e.g. “only original file export”, then we can send
            > it to collaborators

        -   Seb: thinking about file format support, also makes sense
            > *per modality*

    -   J-M:

        -   Bumping requirements: dropping Ice 3.5, Centos 6, Python 2.6
            > and Java 7

        -   Jobs should be coming back to green. Looking into speeding
            > up travis.

        -   Riad reactivating gradle/Ice 3.7 builds

    -   IDR/ROIs: some limitations noticed already. Fixes coming.

    -   Training: this week is the last travel (of the year…)

        -   Upcoming session in Singapore (March ‘19).

            -   General introduction

            -   2 groups of 30 people for 2 days each.

            -   Consortium between industry & academic.

            -   Project starts in February.

        -   Good feedback from Turku. User chose OMERO.

            -   Considering a central resource connecting to Helsinki.

-   Glencoe - 14:19

    -   Working on general bug fixes and extending microservice
        > functionality

    -   A series of UI fixes (state, refresh, etc)

    -   Melissa in Heidelberg for I2K

-   Community

    -   Mark: Attending the Scottish Microscopy Group Symposium
        > tomorrow.

    -   I2K: J-m, Josh, Melissa in Heidelberg

    -   Cambridge: Petr & Dom

    -   Sweden: Jason

    -   ASCB

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Decoupling of insight; remove deprecation via renaming. Outsight?

-   Kenny: huge thanks

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
