---
title: 2018-03-27
---

Dundee: Petr, Dominik, Jean-Marie, Mark, Will, June, Helen, Riad, Roger,

Remote: Chris, Josh, Liza, Melissa

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hyZuNNbSZmfBNYEKKhi-YB7YuLXi5mMyeZU87D_75Tw/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West (Workflows)

    -   OMERO

        -   5.4.5 release tomorrow - everything prepared

            -   Does not include all “leak” fixes

        -   After work from topic branch (name to be decided: import?)
            > to handle PR required for users meeting

        -   Chris: leak has been around for a long time. Monitoring
            > makes it worse.

            -   E.g. failed logins such as misconfigured public user.

            -   In a much better place now.

            -   JM: Kenny setup new server for monitoring/testing

    -   Iviewer

        -   1.0.0 to go out on Thursday

        -   Scoping of roi propagation and support for all rendering
            > controls (quantization)

    -   Bio-Formats:

        -   5.8.1 out last week

    -   Figure:

        -   Work required for paper is on-going mainly big image support

        -   Updating testing scenario for big images etc.

-   East (infra/IDR 0.4.7+0.5.0)

    -   **Read-only**: Now pushed commits for read-only server to use
        > secondary read-write cache of Bio-Formats memo files while
        > being able to reuse the read-only memos from the repository.

        -   Right-hand panel bugs - ideas for testing vv IDR etc.

        -   Need to decide what goes into prod47 - order not working
            > out.

    -   Merges upcoming followed by

        -   Rebasing onto **decoupled** repositories

        -   Standalone mapr **microservice** (omero-ms-base?)

        -   prod50 work for OME meeting

    -   Bio-Formats 5.8.2 examples & documentation

        -   [<u>5.8.2</u>](https://trello.com/b/jTlKX5LP/bio-formats-582)
            > candidate PRs for inclusion needs deciding (long potential
            > list)

    -   Pyramid status (5.9+):

        -   CoreMetadataList looks to need incompatible change

        -   Attempting SubresolutionFormatReader (e.g. Imaris) to try
            > reduce breaking changes

        -   Time for dropping deprecated, etc)

        -   Issues with CoreIndex

-   Glencoe

    -   Recruiting…

    -   File handle fixes (see above)

    -   OMERO.parade when time allows - Table data support. Usability /
        > UI decisions.

-   Community

    -   Users’ Meeting.

        -   Proposal
            > [<u>dundee-2018-annual-users-meeting</u>](https://trello.com/b/UzBkdA5T/dundee-2018-annual-users-meeting)

        -   Docs PRs to go on main-line

        -   Other topic branches for code changes

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
