---
title: 2018-01-16
---

Dundee: Helen, Kenny, Will, Mark, June, Dom, Petr, Simon, Roger, Riad,
Emil, Balaji,

Remote: Seb, Jean-Marie, Josh, Wilma, David, Mark, Andreas, Chris,
Melissa

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Znd3xm6HM0arm4O259wbURNAIPRjrVtNaLKKdvRz6I4/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   “Now”

    -   Robot in devspace. Looking at improving speed and stabilizing
        > tests

        -   Looked at running them in parallel
            > ([<u>pabot</u>](https://github.com/mkorpela/pabot)). New
            > library (0.4)

        -   Down to 4 failures on Firefox. Close to stability

    -   Working on [<u>Facility Manager
        > workflow</u>](https://trello.com/c/GJiuntTK/92-workflow-vi-facility-managerlight-admin)
        > for next training (end of January)

        -   Preparing for Trends in Microscopy (March)

    -   Figure release later this month. Working on final PRs and Help
        > docs

        -   Polygon support not in this release.

    -   Kubernetes presentation. Simon, 6th Feb.

        -   Assume knowledge of Docker & Docker-compose

        -   Set aside time to consolidate Docker & other training

    -   Chris: looking for potential dates for microservices training

-   “Next”

    -   ROI/HDF5 (PRs & Grants)

    -   Update on 5.4.2 timeline

        -   Targeting release for Tuesday

            -   Docs

            -   Code

            -   (Apps?)

            -   Etc.

            -   Any final changes to get in?

            -   Last PRs on Thursday

        -   Public user testing

            -   Enable public user temporarily on web-dev-merge

            -   Need a way to test other server configs

    -   Read-only work - to mainline OR IDR branch

        -   Currently captured in
            > [<u>https://trello.com/b/Z3y5ty8o/idr-050</u>](https://trello.com/b/Z3y5ty8o/idr-050)

    -   Likely 5.4.3 (maybe 5.4.4) by Users’ meeting.

    -   Roger - HDF data from ROIs in sample files.

        -   Ready to try import these into OMERO

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   Changing process wrt Bio-Formats in particular

        -   Will try to open all PRs initially against opensource
            > Bio-Formats github

        -   Adding some formats in the near future

        -   Want to test against next major version etc.

    -   Try same approach with OMERO too.

        -   Features related to scripts and scripts UI

        -   More new hires involved

        -   Run scripts in parallel, show progress/feedback to user etc.

        -   Use as much real test data as possible

    -   Microservices- rendering regions. Improving scalability

-   Community

    -   IDR Next Release (Seb)

        -   0.4.5 planned for February - 2 new Datasets.

        -   Create new production server and start import soon

        -   Need to update/fix all notebooks

        -   Mid-term future - moving to OMERO 5.4.x

        -   Need to improve tracking of data submission requests.

        -   Looking at redmine as an option to manage these

    -   Meltdown/Spectre (Josh)

        -   Send out response? Chris: no big gain in recycling existing
            > security advisories.

        -   Patching our systems is in progress (completion needs
            > scheduling)

        -   Restart devspace to update

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Breaking jobs & devspaces

    -   Ci cleanup. Remove breaking jobs (been disabled for a while now)

    -   Now: Define branches for large feature development and use
        > devspace for testing

    -   Mark: will anything test DB upgrade paths?

    -   Seb: no - this will still need to be a manual setup

    -   JM: ported Training testing to devspace - except Matlab

    -   Simon: testing DB upgrade is similar to testing server config
        > (above).

-   Kenny: taking DB dumps etc from old nightshade2 and rsync to squig.

-   June: Should be able to confirm user meeting dates next week

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

-   [<u>Binary
    > Vessels</u>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11fThpeiVHPkp26XCTF4C9FxHFgtQMW31zB8dTAZNWto/edit)
    > (Seb)

-   Recent discussions on team priorities…

-   3 main areas of work: OMERO ecosystem, scaling IDR and Binary
    > vessels

-   Current state (of the art):

    -   OME-TIFF - tiff files with ome.xml file for metadata etc

    -   BigDataViewer (BDV) - HDF5 file with bdv.xml

-   BDV is efficient for pixel storage, multi-dimensional etc

-   But, BDV is not versioned, no upgrade path, limited metadata support

-   Combine best features from OME-TIFF and BDV.

-   Requirements:

    -   Target Users’ meeting 2018

    -   Supported components(core)

        -   Containers: TIFF, H5, KLB

        -   Codecs

    -   Workflows

        -   Reading BDV v1 filesets

        -   Reading writing OME-BDV v2 filesets

        -   Clients (ImageJ/BDV stack, OMERO?)

        -   Implementation languages - Java, C++?

-   Tech choices:

    -   OME Data Model / spec

        -   Add BDV xml elements

        -   OME Pixels elements - deprecate vs upgrade

        -   Subresolutions handling [<u>design
            > \#74</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/74)

    -   Container formats

    -   Reader/writer API

        -   Binary data access: plates -&gt; blocks

        -   OME-XML code generation (Metadatastore API)

        -   Codecs: detection/extensibility

        -   Thread-safety

    -   Next steps

-   What about Bio-Formats?

    -   B-F 5.7.3

        -   Included in OMERO 5.4.2

    -   Moving towards B-F 5.8.0

        -   New format readers (Glencoe software)

        -   Community contributions

    -   Beyond 5.8.0

        -   Releases as needed

        -   Open-source team - no planned work, maintenance/support

-   Mark: What about ROI storage?

-   Seb: masks stored as for images

    -   But ROI storage is not a priority, given size of other tasks.
