Dundee: Petr, Kenny, Dom, June, Helen, Will, Roger, Jason, Balaji,

Remote: J-m, Josh, Seb, Wilma, David, Liza, Melissa, Chris, Andreas
(14:03)

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GXg-d-zZS3fzAwU2CfS76Xsp8-cdvyGs7e-01ZToJBI/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West (Workflows/5.4.4)

    -   Figure release 3.2.1 - minor bug-fix

    -   Iviewer - improving performance of saving and deleting ROIs.

        -   \- Also tweaking css

    -   Django: no upgrade to 1.11 for OMERO 5.4.4

        -   Schedule discussion to plan OMERO.web decoupling

    -   Improvement on server load (rendering)

        -   Chris’ PR to improve lookup table performance - looking good

    -   Aim: PR freeze/merge freeze 20/02

    -   Robot framework tests now passing (3 green in a row!)

    -   Pyramid script to delete corrupted pyramids (some new pyramids
        > corrupted since 5.2)

        -   Josh: may be better as a server CLI command?

-   East (infra/IDR 0.5.0)

    -   IDR submission testing

        -   Dom looking at reimporting all IDR data.

        -   Then Improving documentation...

    -   CI/SCC work: submodules, nodes, and more

        -   BF-build & ci update to fix decoupling problems

        -   Java7 deprecation - Insight release OK. Work our way through
            > the stack

    -   UoD resources

        -   Kubernetes cluster in progress

    -   EBI resources - space available etc. moving some resources

-   Glencoe

    -   Job ad posted today

    -   Microservices training - 22nd 10.00

    -   Incoming documentation suggestions for installation on RHEL vs
        > CentOS

-   Community

    -   Bio-Formats 5.8.0 - call last Friday to discuss candidates for
        > 5.8.0

        -   Criteria - tested, QA’d

        -   In future, should be able to swap out BF in OMERO

    -   3i Slidebook & OMERO

        -   3i jars usage in Basel

    -   Andrea: extracting / fixing omero.ms-queue

    -   Jason: nd2 format discussion - vendor response?

        -   More emphasis on vendor responsibility for breaking changes
            > in formats

        -   Often tricky to establish exact reason for breaking. Needs
            > care

    -   Petr: met with 2 from JHI on Friday.

        -   Decide between nightshade vv their own server

        -   If nightshade, they will need to handle LDAP for creation of
            > users

        -   Could involve creation of appropriate roles. E.g. organiser.

        -   JRS: works towards a larger discussion, cF. learning, etc.

        -   Josh: use of secondary LDAP would require investigation

            -   Could use planning on the user naming

    -   OME users’ meeting registration open for OME team by tomorrow!

        -   See link in tomorrow’s standup notes

        -   Please register, and add to standup notes

    -   

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
