Dundee: Dom, Simon, Mark, Kenny, JM, June,

Remote: Seb, Josh, Andreas, Chris, David, Emil, Melissa, Liza

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B2ytmM7Jmj58N2gzcWZ6UVJONTA)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   Josh: “several big image fixes ASAP”?

    -   J-M: figure related bugs. Not OMERO version bump: check.

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Summer epics

    -   Secvuln retrospective

        -   Minor bumps in process but nothing too bad

        -   CVE being applied for

    -   Import

        -   Mark: Noticed that many-tiny-file uploads take much longer
            > than I would have expected. Not yet clear that there are
            > any easy solutions. Also learned to include sync in timing
            > filesystem writes!

            -   Mark: Might be improved by parallel imports but root
                > cause is unknown

            -   Chris: Metadata creation is likely to be the main
                > slowdown

    -   ITR

        -   VAE 0.5.1 released by end of next week as minimal showcase
            > (ITR linked to live notebooks)

        -   Notebooks with CellProfiler, R and ImageJ (“static” only
            > jython script available this time)

        -   Docker Image: Migrate R and CP installation from
            > training-notebooks now that the refactoring is finished

        -   JupyterLab bug means we’ll use old notebooks UI links for
            > now

    -   Apps release schedule

        -   Figure: several open PRs being reviewed (release 4.0.1)

        -   FPBioImage

            -   Anatole is interested in displaying cropped ROIs in
                > FPBioImage

        -   Parade: next

-   Glencoe

    -   GS 5.4.7 in progress

    -   Improvements to PathViewer due to be released soon

    -   More microservice work, including work on ingesting very large
        > (multi GB) metadata files

    -   Refinements to ND2 format handling

-   Community

    -   HCA (Josh): see extended
        > [<u>notes</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h4wQyam-o6oh1GM62O3qq5HVjVGEtVvUrKBrCGoMNvk/edit)

        -   report on SpaceTx file format decisions

            -   Decided to maintain their own file format after
                > considering others

            -   Ingest process is still to be developed, depends on
                > long-term plan for format

        -   Metadata meeting tomorrow

        -   Regular weekly “starfish sync” meetings on Thursdays to
            > discuss SpaceTx format, others welcome to join

        -   Also some motion on the
            > “[<u>scoreboard</u>](https://broad-imaging-benchmark.appspot.com/object-segmentation/cellular-compartment)”
            > front: meeting either today or on the 7th

            -   Support for “challenge” platforms where researchers can
                > compare their algorithms, others welcome to join.

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
