---
title: 2018-02-20
---

Dundee: Will, Kenny, Petr, Dominik, Mark, June, Helen, Balaji,
Jean-Marie, Riad,

Remote: Sebastien, Josh, Andreas, David, Roger, Chris, Melissa, Wilma,
Liza, Emil,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12iCabfXJ_gBhTAw6As-g9Dq22z6ChkQHBL3OPs8UAU4/edit#heading=h.wmjudnh61a0y)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West (Workflows)

    -   Upcoming 5.4.4 release

        -   rc thursday [<u>testing
            > sheet</u>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lI4jVmocE-DuQhxS_EMqjcI2UeNrAoIq1TgM5HlIPnY/edit#gid=1254367109)

        -   Last 2 PRs to go in

        -   Main workflow PR against develop needs to be green.

        -   Need fix to pyramid invalidation PR

        -   History PR open tomorrow

    -   Iviewer:

        -   Good progress aiming for 1.0 after 5.4.4

        -   Improvements in shape deletion, css tweaks etc.

        -   Multi-viewer workflow - double-click to open new windows

        -   Some merge conflicts to resolve

    -   Next: prep for Trends in Microscopy

        -   12th-14th March - 2 hour workshop.

        -   Jason: show iviewer!

        -   Using outreach server - connection OK etc.

-   East (infra/IDR 0.5.0)

    -   Recursive builds (oh my)

        -   Roger’s work on coupling & building multiple PRs.

        -   Try this with submodules & a ‘super/meta repository’

    -   IDR:

        -   read-only work continuing on 5.4 session manager

        -   mini-idr 2.0 - Scripts to import plate from each study

        -   The dreaded Hibernate 5+ (Riad)

            -   May support ‘old’ server and Hibernate 5 server together

    -   Systems

        -   Kubernetes:
            > [<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/kubernetes-apps</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/kubernetes-apps)

            -   Up and running

            -   Redmine too

            -   Naming discussion

            -   Each user to create submodule on repo above

            -   Coming: devspace k8s app

        -   GPFS: migration

            -   Fix downloads and docs timeouts -&gt; migrate to our own
                > GPFS

            -   Move more resources - squig etc.

            -   Want to get naming correct - hard to change once in
                > place

            -   Might get confusing, but we’ll mount everything under
                > /ome on various boxes

            -   Not sure if we’ll take the time to get Samba running

            -   Jason: Use UoD IT resources where appropriate

-   Glencoe

    -   Training microservices on Thursday.

    -   Prepping OMERO 5.4 updates for customers

    -   Cross-group support for rendering plugin

    -   Handling large number of channels, especially wrt ROIs

    -   Exploring new tech e.g. communication between server components
        > etc.

-   Community

    -   JRS: Scientific Data announcing IDR as a recommend (image) data
        > repository

    -   JRS: Increasing submissions so good to formalize tracking
        > (redmine)

    -   Elmi: workshops 2 slots of 1h June

    -   Users meeting: Jason thinking about speakers…? Suggestions?

        -   Aim for shorter talks, more community focus.

        -   IDR update, community update, what else?

        -   What examples do we know of users doing cool stuff? 10-15
            > mins talks.

        -   JM: publishing workflows, interactive figures etc?

        -   Open registration to externals by end of week.

        -   Liza is working on banner for website.

        -   Registration fee - flat rate £115.

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Any update on when User meeting registration will be open to
    > externals?

    -   Covered above - end of the week likely

4. Webclient custom filtering plugin demo by Will
-------------------------------------------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

-   JRS: works on dataset? Yes

-   PW: heatmap in grid? Could do. Single value

-   PW: fantastic, exactly what’s wanted in recent feedback

    -   Except they want for **all** data

    -   E.g. search result data

    -   WM: yes, center panel should be enabled for search results

    -   JMB: even cross-plate or cross-project results.

    -   WM: UI like in insight

    -   WM: but center panel currently expects the tree to be there

    -   WM: … search panel also has a mixture of stuff that’s not
        > expected by the center panel

    -   WM: … paging works differently

-   PW: how will plugin work with paginated dataset?

    -   WM: haven’t tried yet.

    -   WM: assume previously we had pagination so that thumbnails can’t
        > be loaded. Hope to adjust the page size.

    -   JAM: cF. “human cells” on IDR (2.4M)

    -   CA: Emil’s been looking at something similar in d3. As soon as
        > you get beyond a trivial number of images (few hundred) \[it\]
        > falls apart. Even for querying across a screen, will need to
        > eventually filter server-side.

    -   JAM: imagine we want both strategies. **If** you have the data
        > **and** it’s small enough, then filter (render, etc.) locally.
        > Otherwise, server-side.

    -   JRS: bifurcation in usage patterns. Imagine many people would
        > want it immediately for more reasonably sized datasets. Useful
        > query would be across the screen, that’s the important
        > experimental concept.

    -   WM: worth trying to find the limits? JRS/CA/…: yes.

    -   JMB: are the thumbnails even useful? CA: already had some
        > feedback that below a certain size it’s **not** useful.

    -   CA: try cellprofiler for real metrics? 30-40 columns.

    -   CA: just letting someone write a query? WM: cF. Lucene but you
        > wouldn’t want to type in map k/v CA: perhaps have a limited
        > vocabulary, e.g \`roi\_count &gt; 50\`

-   JMB: comments on central panel issue?
    > [<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/82</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/82)

-   CA: funded for very large use case. Would be nice to work on a
    > single implementation.

-   WM: do we keep adding to the current filtering functionality
    > (rating, name), i.e. are we replacing the current center panel or
    > maintaining both? JMB: similar to iviewer migration…

    -   CA: already much better

    -   WM: don’t currently support the multiple well at the bottom

    -   JRS: evaluating replacing current with this next-generation

    -   BR: “just a plugin” (with limitations) may make it manageable.
        > Already get quite a lot.

    -   JMB: buy us time.

-   JMB: exporting the current view (PDF, JPEG) is good.

    -   Export to figure? WM: Balaji’s been playing with a library for
        > that.

    -   PW: cF. buried Excel export (recently asked for)

    -   KG: exporting the search results (search query itself)

    -   CA: “subsets” (for easy Dataset creation). Saving views :+1:

-   CA: need the repository to be migrated

    -   MC: on gitlab?

    -   JMB: also need pip installation

    -   CA: interested before end of March

-   JRS: actions

    -   Find the limit

    -   Show heat-maps as default (no thumbnails)

    -   Cross-container ability

    -   New name? (Several votes for “parade”)

        -   PW: as a plugin, then discoverability is paramount. “I don’t
            > have figure tab” Users may not be able to connect the dots
            > to “parade” WM: googlable name is perhaps enough. PW: how
            > to know what to google. CA: don’t know the name buys you
            > much. PW: “filter(ing)” CA: but it’s **searching**

    -   Trajectory of development

        -   Repo actions

        -   First releases for one set of use cases (smallish, local, …)

        -   Scaling-up / server-side

        -   Exporting

        -   Persisting views
