Dundee: N/A

Remote: Mark, Josh, Seb, June, Simon, Wilma, Melissa, Kenny, J-m,
Frances,  
Chris, Will, David, Riad, Emil

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   5.4.8 release (Josh)

    -   Bug found today - saving rdef in 5.4.8 Insight read-only. View
        > thumb in web.

    -   Chris: read-only group often used for publishing. E.g. IDR.

        -   Some existing issues in 5.4.7.

        -   New edge-case bug may not be a blocker.

        -   Need to review in more depth after.

        -   HMS - plate thumbnails stopped working. Thumb versions out
            > of sync.

        -   Fixed by resetting. Source of problem not known.

    -   Riad: seems I have a fix for current bug.

    -   Josh: OK, lets retest etc.

-   Epics

    -   Training (JM):

        -   Neubias: Focus on Matlab. PRs open. Testing volunteers?

            -   Don’t know which version will be used at Neubias

                -   Currently testing the scripts with 2017a

            -   Our ci uses older version - doesn’t support latest
                > scripts

        -   IDR training changed

            -   JM will continue VAE notebooks cleanup

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   Working on parade workflows - Increased focus on parade next
        > week.

        -   JM new version available end of October for Japan? Chris:
            > probably.

    -   FileFormats - czi diverse formats

    -   Pyramids work - PR opened.

-   Community

    -   HCA (Josh):

        -   File formats: LIF is joining ND2

        -   Visualization uses cases (see \#hca channel for summary)

            -   Raw images from scopes - convert to starfish format.
                > Modulo.

            -   Asked for analyzed data (spots, ROIs etc).

            -   1000’s of genes per image. E.g. which planes have gene
                > ROI on.

            -   Do we use ROI folders? Masks, annotations etc?

            -   Mentioned figure - easy win to encourage usage.

-   Sysadmin roundup:

    -   Data\_repo filled-up squig.

        -   Check\_MK python script to alert this in future

    -   GPFS network memory settings causing problems. Reverted changes
        > has resolved this.

    -   Kubernetes production failure. Master and Nodes now in Check\_MK
        > for CPU, RAM, etc, and Check\_MK (local check) script now on
        > Kubernetes master to check “Ready” status of all 3 nodes.

    -   External security testing from UoD IT/JISC not found any
        > critical issues in OME

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

-   Upcoming efforts: Data-In & Data-Out (Seb)

    -   Data-In:

        -   Responsibilities: IDR datasets + ROIs, HCA datasets + ROIs

        -   Technologies: omero-roi(-py,-java),
            > [<u>biotracks</u>](https://github.com/CellMigStandOrg/biotracks/blob/master/biotracks/readfile.py#L120),
            > Bio-Formats 6, S3Reader

        -   Team: David, Dom, Frances, Josh, Kenny, Seb, Simon

    -   Data-Out:

        -   Responsibilities: training -&gt; ITR, 3rd party integration
            > (e.g. Knime) Matlab, visualization

        -   Technologies: apps, microservices, downloader

        -   Team: J-m, Mark, Petr, Riad, Will

-   Notes

    -   Seb: Data-in includes images, metadata, rois, etc

    -   Slides upcoming on each of the fronts for general clarity

    -   Less a focus on software (when not driven by another
        > deliverable)

    -   Josh: matches what was discussed during OSARs:

        -   IDR is driving force for new features, UI viz etc.

    -   J-m: also matches what we’ve been doing in the training sessions

        -   Note issues of large exports

    -   Reporting back over the next week? (despite getting 5.4.8 out)

        -   Also need to define interactions with Glencoe (parade,
            > pyramid)
