---
title: 2018-10-16
---

Dundee: Petr, Kenny, Dom, Mark, Simon, June, Riad, Jason,

Remote: Frances, Josh, Wilma, David, Seb, Melissa, Liza

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Josh)

    -   Various ongoing things

    -   Planning to organise everything properly in November

    -   B-F performance PRs (incl. from the community)

    -   IDR datasets in progress: KLB, HPA

        -   HPA: Splitted the big 500k images dataset into 1000 smaller
            > datasets (one per antibody) on idr-testing

    -   S3 (Simon)

        -   Bio-Formats reading possible with a local cache (i.e.
            > download and read) for most files.

        -   Bio-Formats reading without a cache works for some
            > formats/files. Tif is very unpredictable, png never works,
            > small cat jpgs usually work.

    -   HCA: change of plan (again). Also call with CZI.

        -   EBI aren’t planning to do the work to produce the required
            > SpaceTX output format

        -   Using Bio-Formats as input, SpaceTX as output, validator
            > exists

-   Data-Out

    -   Mark: omero-downloader needs more refactoring than I expected
        > but now making steady progress through it. Will check in with
        > Jean-Marie about what he needs when this month for pre-release
        > version for coming meeting. Expecting to get to initial
        > release stage next month.

        -   Initial release will include documentation, a fairly stable
            > interface, and installation instructions

        -   Need a CI setup, but could be used to support other
            > development work

    -   Riad: iviewer aurelia build system update for impending UI
        > additions (interactive dialogs/modals)

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   Lots of file formats PRs

-   Community

    -   Sanger

        -   Omer (Josh) (+ new developer starting next year)

        -   Seed grant for HCA

    -   Japan

        -   Upcoming trip
            > ([<u>itinerary</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1TSQyhq-nuXW3I8nIU_-2tz4LkHo1ISOq))

        -   Folder:
            > [<u>https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TSQyhq-nuXW3I8nIU\_-2tz4LkHo1ISOq</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TSQyhq-nuXW3I8nIU_-2tz4LkHo1ISOq)

        -   Mtgs during Oct 20 - Oct 30

            -   Including several potential collaborators

            -   SSDB, IDR, etc

            -   May want to cancel/reschedule regular OME meetings if
                > necessary

        -   Workshop for 30+ participants, plus potential online
            > follow-ups

        -   FYI: RDF paper (Josh)

    -   John Kingman/UKRI

        -   Demo 12:00-12:30 (subject to change)

    -   Seb at a conference tomorrow

    -   And more…

-   Paper

    -   Tools and deployments

-   Staffing

    -   Gabry: still involved but not currently funded by OME

    -   Wilma: moving 100% to Glencoe Software at end of month, GRE
        > admin will take over responsibility for OME

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

1.  Review use of CTIR M.23 meeting room for the next two team meetings
    > due to Japan travel on 23rd (Jason, Josh, Seb, J-M, Petr) & 30th
    > (Jason, Josh, J-M, Petr) October.

    1.  Run remote-only conference at regular time, people on outreach
        > may be unable to attend

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
