Dundee: Will, Kenny, June, Mark, Dominik, Simon, Helen, Petr,

Remote: Sebastien, Josh, Andreas, David, Melissa, Liza, Chris

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AVvg8kxR9gZc3RPQFPqeF8h01j8W-7risEKuVMEiMUs/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West (Workflows)

    -   Making all data used in training public.

        -   Targeting Users Meeting

        -   Still some to go & docs

    -   Figure testing

        -   Some feedback and PR fixes

        -   Current PRs not being merged - mgmt tools change

        -   [<u>https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qdOAv0wUgAVHEtlVroOwkeNUoNwst-APSPFJk6-3Sz8/edit\#gid=0</u>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qdOAv0wUgAVHEtlVroOwkeNUoNwst-APSPFJk6-3Sz8/edit#gid=0)
            > Testing sheet. Mostly Big Images but others too.

    -   Iviewer - few smaller PRs for 1.0.0 release

    -   IDR analysis testing

        -   50% of notebooks not passing

        -   Simon: need to start merging PRs. Fix notebooks or
            > workaround

        -   Using JupyterLab with some issues vv rolling back to
            > Notebooks

        -   Training notebooks and IDR notebooks to manage using same
            > pattern

-   East (infra/IDR 0.5.0)

    -   OMERO 5.4.6: first phase of read-only work now merged and
        > released as 5.4.6-rc1

        -   No change to mainline build yet, but tag is stable

        -   Consider merging to develop and working on 5.4.6-rc2

        -   Merged into idr metadata 0.5.4

    -   IDR 0.5.0: currently attempting a deploy of 0.5.0-rc2 (mapr
        > still slow)

        -   Few UI issues, but existed on prod47 already

        -   J-m: need to disable script

    -   Beyond: HPA and other datasets

        -   Starting to import Human Protein Atlas data.

        -   LOTs of Datasets to handle in webclient UI.

    -   Bio-Formats 5.9: tiffpyramids PR open and tests passing

        -   Review whether tiff pyramids are giving expected behaviour

        -   Please review PR if interested before it is merged to ‘East’
            > Thurs/Fri

    -   Kenny: GDPR & Brexit warning

        -   Whois changing

        -   Some domains may need revoking

        -   i.e. \*.eu may get yanked.

        -   Seb: will follow up on GDPR re: personal info soon.

-   Glencoe - 14:19

    -   OMERO.parade work in progress towards 0.1.0

    -   File-handle leakage PR still open

        -   Josh - candidate for 5.4.6-rc2

        -   Set environment variables?

        -   Chris: depends on Python versions but probably yes.

            -   No good reason to have many Python threads per workers

            -   Pin in settings.py?

            -   Or on gunicorn launch.

    -   Recruiting

-   Community

    -   PyPi meltdown - Seb: Pypi.org TLS v1.0 and 1.1 deprecated.
        > Easy-install fails on older systems - e.g. we have several
        > older CentOS

        -   Upgrade setup\_tools and use recent pip.

        -   Tested via IDR deployment workflow

    -   Users’ Meeting, June:

        -   Registrations progressing as expected

        -   Similar logistics to last year, rooms catering etc.

        -   Need to start settling workshops, names etc.

        -   JM: discuss this week: 2-3pm on Thursday (Jason travelling)

        -   Kenny: testing network at Dalhousie this week - any URLs we
            > know to test

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Redirects are very painful for years, let’s avoid where possible!

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
