---
title: 2018-04-24
---

Dundee: Will, Kenny, Petr, Dominik, Mark, Sebastien, Roger, Slackbot,
June, Riad,

Remote: Melissa, David, Helen, Wilma, Jason, Emil,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AOnOC2r5qtRVzNdiYJGPEb0gDOUrPIuooIeO2PPQG1g/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West (Workflows)

    -   David: BF 5.8.2 released yesterday

    -   Petr: VAE and ReadOnly testing - pending on completion of prod50
        > testing.

        -   testing framework prepared for OMERO 5.4.6 and others

        -   Discuss with JM tomorrow

    -   Seb: VAE (virtual analysis environment) is IDR analysis
        > environment - Jupyter. Aim to separate releases from IDR
        > releases so we don’t have to restart Notebooks

    -   Petr: Figure testing - completed 2nd round of Big Images testing

        -   Will: fixing figure & iviewer issues with quantization

-   East (infra/IDR 0.5.0)

    -   Petr: prod50 (idr-next) testing, including ReadOnly - 1 or 2
        > issues identified

        -   Testing mapr, speed, etc.

        -   ‘Broken Dataset’ with many missing thumbs

        -   Mapr slow (hanging intermittently)

    -   Mark: Looking at using materialized views in Postgres as a cache
        > to speed up mapr. Would require some microservice offering an
        > endpoint that does related SqlAction.

    -   Riad: Looking at Gradle build system. Working.

        -   Now at Elasticsearch

    -   Roger: catching up with issues

-   Glencoe

    -   Emil: working on OMERO.parade - will feature in next webinar

        -   Chris travelling and getting feedback

    -   Populate\_metadata.

    -   Jason: positive feedback on usability & features of webclient,
        > pathviewer, parade

-   Community

    -   Users’ Meeting

        -   Seb: can we see list of attendees?

            -   June: I’ll get back to it…

        -   Seb: building on workflows presented at recent workshops

        -   [<u>https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/10EfMVw3MDdLxh5fU\_N8UOGNFJ1J58f8l</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/10EfMVw3MDdLxh5fU_N8UOGNFJ1J58f8l)

        -   Jason: move focus from dev to meeting prep soon.

        -   Riad/Mark looking at feasibility of providing some
            > Elasticsearch-based microservice demonstration.

        -   Workshops

        -   Will: do we have a mechanism of feedback for major issues or
            > features/ functionality (such as web upload, more
            > hierarchy levels etc)

        -   Seb: yes, will try to get feedback on priorities from users

            -   Features WE need vv features that our users need

        -   Jason: trying to get small talks to cover feature requests

            -   Smuggler story of lessons learned from remote dev

        -   Kenny: list of domains that failed on Dalhousie network last
            > year

            -   Tested recently and all working now

            -   Will retest nearer the time with any other
                > resources/links

    -   GDPR:

        -   Seb: EU law from May 25th - Data Protection law updated

        -   More rights for individuals

        -   Covers <u>personal</u> data collection, use etc.

        -   We don’t have *lots* of data and none of sensitive topics

        -   Review places where we have personal data, for what purpose?
            > Excess? etc

            -   Explicit on user requests for data and data deletion

            -   Policy on data breaches, prevention etc.

        -   Jason: do we need to contact all users on our mailing lists
            > to ask for permission to hold their data?

        -   Seb: possibly - will check.

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

Jason: focus switching from grant writing to OME meeting.

June: 24th Dec is holiday (Monday), part of compulsory leave.

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
