---
title: 2018-06-19
---

Dundee: Will, Petr, Simon, Mark, Kenny, Riad, June, Jason

Remote: Josh, Seb, Chris, Andreas, Jean-marie, Melissa, Emil, David,
Wilma, Liza

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B2ytmM7Jmj58N2gzcWZ6UVJONTA)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Summer epics

    -   Monitoring (Simon)

        -   Prometheus running locally, deciding deployment strategy

        -   pub-omero “test case, demo-like” being monitored, agent
            > installed

        -   Deploy of prometheus to kubernetes monitoring demo this week

        -   Downtime to be arranged for Nightshade next week to allow
            > install and restart

    -   Formats (Seb)

        -   Bio-Formats 5.9.0: minor release i.e. including reader fixes
            > with no memoization breakages. Candidate for inclusion in
            > OMERO 5.4.7

        -   KLB reader (IDR dataset): ongoing progress on the reading of
            > the format. Initial work on orthogonal projections
            > promising. Looking into the complete multi-dimensional
            > image next. Test a 1TB file next.

        -   Pyramid TIFF: pushed to an upcoming minor release of
            > Bio-Formats. Current limitation is the Java writing.

    -   TOPIM
        > ([<u>Board</u>](https://trello.com/b/H3fuHT8v/analysis-training),
        > JM)

        -   Plan is to use:

            -   Users meeting workshop (import section replaced by
                > slides) (data idr0021)

            -   Orbit-OMERO. Good progress see
                > [<u>g.doc</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XWRy7CzJ93Up-s0NVjckfAukH9ZRdgA7RXHsNojWUoI/edit#heading=h.ifk31yc3gwf2)
                > for steps. To be shown to Manuel Stritt (data SVS
                > under downloads.openmicroscopy.

                -   Demo planned.

            -   CellProfiler (notebook) plate from idr0002

        -   Infra:

            -   No answer cf network i.e. tadpole (issue with pytables)
                > vs outreach

            -   Running a production server on tadpole is becoming
                > problematic

                -   JRS: Mac Minis == bad place to be - becoming barely
                    > usable

                -   4G modem is the backup option

            -   Intel NUCs as an alternative

            -   (Linux) Laptop potentially an option, portability
                > priority

    -   Import (Mark)

        -   Background: at present importing 1000s of files at once is
            > slow

        -   Dom: opened simplified UI for large imports

        -   Mark: Reviewed detail of server-side import process with
            > focus on noting duration of substeps. Next to implement
            > simple benchmarking code for reporting on performance of
            > imports.

        -   Riad: investigating “skip=thumbs” UI for insight

-   Glencoe

    -   Preparing for a 200 student educational deployment, includes
        > microservice improvements and load testing

    -   Developing/documenting organisational policies for workflows
        > (e.g. how security issues are handled)

-   Community

    -   Meetings at EBI:

        -   July 2 PM: HCA/IDR

        -   July 3 AM: BioStudies/IDR

        -   Involves full-stack discussions

        -   Dovetailing outreach work with
            > [<u>http://itr.openmicroscopy.org/</u>](http://itr.openmicroscopy.org/)

    -   HCA (Josh)

        -   Picking short-term goals.

        -   NB: use of
            > [<u>zarr</u>](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr)
            > ([<u>issue</u>](https://github.com/spacetx/starfish/issues/295))
            > and [<u>xarray</u>](http://xarray.pydata.org/en/stable/)
            > ([<u>issue</u>](https://github.com/spacetx/starfish/issues/296))

        -   Looking for a format that can support unregistered tiled
            > images without restricting freedom of HCA developers to
            > make changes to their processing workflows

        -   Proposing to develop an interoperable validation compliance
            > tool based on BioFormats

        -   HCA has a very strong Python (imaging) community

        -   Matterbridge (interoperable chat)

            -   Matterbridge app supports up to NxN interchange of
                > multiple chat platforms

            -   New \#gitter room on slack is incoming-only (to slack,
                > from gitter)

            -   Could be a useful tool for tracking external slack
                > channels

    -   World tour being planned

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   A word about PRs

    -   JRS: process was devised when we had fewer external inputs

-   Another (ci-master) Jenkins downtime Wed late afternoon circa 1630
    > (UK)

-   Update on OME Team Contracts & Grants

    -   Several grant applications in progress (rough ETA Sept)

    -   UKRI is investing in long-term research infrastructure (one of
        > which is OME)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
