---
title: 2018-06-12
---

Dundee:

Remote:

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B2ytmM7Jmj58N2gzcWZ6UVJONTA)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West

-   East

-   Glencoe

-   Community

    -   Users’ Meeting

    -   Outreach email from Jason

    -   ELMI

        -   Elmi went well. How to put a large amount of data in.
            > (Several talks about huge files)

        -   Appreciative of the PDFs and being able to touch
            > outreach.o.org

        -   Several people are going to get started with OMERO

        -   Petr: people thinking **me** for Bio-Formats. Thoughts of
            > thank-yous.

    -   HCA (Josh)

        -   Slack decision(s): decision from Jeremy to use HCA\#imaging

        -   Sanger: contacted them regarding sample data

        -   CZI UX: contacted us regarding “imaging use cases”

    -   All systems patching Thursday (Kenny)

        -   Please warn if that’s a problem

        -   Will: default viewer on nightshade? Move to iviewer

            -   Yes: Will, Petr

            -   Kenny: no objections. Can include in the email.

            -   J-m: no pagination for more than 500 ROIs

    -   Roger: anything we need to do re: docs?

        -   Josh: don’t just add to docs-comm and assume it will be
            > handled. We should discuss beforehand.

        -   Seb: resurrect periodic meetings

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic: Summer Proposals
-------------------------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

-   Web import example

-   Beyond forums & PRs

-   Drafts, incubator, design issues/PRs

    -   GitLab account?
