---
title: 2018-07-24
---

***Remember**: Agenda must be complete (with estimated times) on the day
before the meeting.  
Any additions after that must go at the bottom (AOCB)*

**[<u>&gt;&gt;&gt;</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cNm3VXuCiAQEuONpw7Ier1CIm_kisj_54HqKMc4RRIQ/edit#heading=h.xd6fr8l138s9)
Tuesday 24<sup>th</sup> July 2018**

Dundee: Kenny, JM, Mark, Simon, Dom, June, Jason, Riad

Remote: David, Emil, Melissa, Andreas, Chris

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VlHRwMk9DLoHoZd1ebO6NIDFja5erwyYnSRSEpxZjCk/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   OMERO 5.4.7

    -   Few PR: announcement, doc, history to finalize and integrate

    -   Release planned for Thursday.

    -   Cleaning up internal QA database

-   Mail

    -   Necromancer mail logs added to monitoring

-   Import

    -   Big OMERO.importer PR needs testing

    -   Dom has briefly reviewed an external contribution from
        > Osnabrück, more work needed

-   Apps:

    -   OMERO-FPBiomage

        -   updated to latest version of FPBioImage

    -   Figure:

        -   Bug fixing so probably a bug fix release later on this
            > summer

    -   Glencoe need several big image fixes for OMERO.figure ASAP

-   IDR:

    -   Fixing issues with Redmine discovered by Petr/Dom

    -   Aim to make decision on deployment date next week

-   Glencoe

    -   More microservice development

    -   Improved documentation to be contributed back to opensource

    -   HTTP2 is enabled on IDR, Glencoe is investigating it

    -   Supporting deployments with 150+ students in one go

-   Community

    -   Crete training session led by Petr/Will went well, despite
        > limited network access

        -   Several serious expressions of interest in OMERO including
            > for pathology data

    -   Basel training being planned

    -   Edinburgh Matlab training session planned

    -   J-M: Discussed with Jim Procter a possible Micro-services
        > session/discussion after holidays. Some interests from JalView
        > group

    -   Upcoming trips to Australia and Japan

        -   Looking at new ways of running and supporting multi-language
            > training sessions

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Jenkins sec-vulns, internal proxied CI Jenkins currently blocked as
    > they’re still pending upgrades

-   External CI is upgraded

-   Artifactory is eating up unexpected amounts of space

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
