Dundee (zoom): Will, Jean-Marie, Jason, Mark, June, Riad, Petr,

Remote: Sebastien, Melissa, Josh, Liza,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Summer epics

    -   Bio-Formats 5.9.1 - Seb

        -   “Done”. Updates site updated etc

        -   Potential regressions to go into 5.9.2

    -   OME-TIFF pyramids - Seb

        -   Secondary pyramids generated with various compression
            > algorithms etc.

        -   Next: heavy performance testing and validation and other
            > pyramidal file formats

    -   OMERO import / OMERO 5.4.8 - Riad

        -   Server-side changes to change thumbnail loading

        -   Slow progress

        -   JM/Josh - decide on PR freeze / release next week when more
            > people back

    -   Training - J-m

        -   Focusing on Basel prep - 2 x long days

        -   On-going work website to add training section. See
            > [<u>https://snoopycrimecop.github.io/www.openmicroscopy.org/training/</u>](https://snoopycrimecop.github.io/www.openmicroscopy.org/training/)

        -   Figure 4.0.1 to go before with few bug fixes

        -   Parade 0.2.0 (see report below) Discussed last week

        -   Jason: Sydney training soon after Basel.

        -   Starting to organise Japan trip too.

        -   Cambridge in December?

        -   JM: Neubias (Graeme Ball)

    -   VAE 0.5.1 - J-m

        -   release last week:
            > [<u>itr</u>](https://idr.openmicroscopy.org/about/itr.html)

        -   few todos post release

        -   Convert release process from paper to Trello board

    -   IDR 0.5.1 - Seb

        -   Curator interview Friday

        -   Expecting 2 datasets (new + update) in next release

        -   Ongoing work on HPA first upload

            -   Not in next release but aim to have it releasable ASAP

-   Glencoe

    -   Working on getting some Parade changes in as discussed with
        > Jean-Marie and Will before I go on holiday next Monday; these
        > will be useful for the upcoming series of demos

    -   We'll be working on a Material UI theme for React plugins that
        > will adhere to the current OMERO.web look and feel

    -   Couple image region microservice updates based on Ice
        > asynchronous call handling; currently causes hangs on session
        > \`close()\`, will report when we know more

    -   Melissa has opened a PR outlining a change to trust Bio-Formats
        > channel colour assignments more explicitly

    -   Pyramid work is ongoing

    -   Looking to try and open an omero-metadata PR based on Kevin's
        > work for discussion by the end of the week

        -   Potential conflicts

    -   Currently shipping 5.4.7 to customers

-   Community

    -   HCA:
        > [<u>spacetx-fov-writer</u>](https://gitlab.com/openmicroscopy/incubator/spacetx-fov-writer/)
        > (on gitlab) - Josh

        -   Docker image stored on gitlab registry (single command)

        -   Uses bio-Formats-tools repository etc

        -   ImageConverter needs refactoring to make it publicly
            > available (currently using reflection)

        -   20-22nd call with Data-wranglers. Try to show them this.

3. AOB
------

-   Invite Wei Ouyang, developed of ANNAPALM
    > ([<u>paper</u>](https://www.nature.com/articles/nbt.4106),
    > [<u>code</u>](https://github.com/imodpasteur/ANNA-PALM)) at
    > Pasteur for Tuesday Presentation?

    -   Useful segmentation tools for e.g. IDR.

    -   JMB: 28 August?

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
