---
title: 2018-06-05
---

Dundee: Kenny, Will, Dominik, Roger, Mark, Riad, June,

Remote: Josh, Sebastien, Emil, Melissa, David, Andreas, Chris

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B2ytmM7Jmj58N2gzcWZ6UVJONTA)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West

    -   Figure design issue:
        > [<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/96</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/96)

        -   Ongoing discussion…

    -   IDR discussion: investigating Janelia Dataset using KLB reader

-   East

    -   General cleaning/finishing post users meeting

        -   Josh: need to solidify and figure out what to release & when
            > (before July leave)

    -   HPA (Dom): More antibodies uploaded.

        -   Many iterations coming: 200TB. (20 batches of 8 TB)

        -   Need to split between all team members - training set.

-   Glencoe

    -   OME meeting follow-ups…

    -   Glencoe meet-up next week to discuss future work.

-   Community

    -   J-M, Petr at [<u>Elmi</u>](http://www.elmi2018.eu/)

    -   EMBRC/IDR meeting funded by CORBEL (Seb)

        -   Marine biology community, discussing repo with metadata etc.

        -   Want something similar to IDR but not all features.

    -   HCA/SpaceTX (Josh)

        -   Will cc IDR project in discussions of SpaceTX (json + TIFFs)

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic: <u>Users’ Meeting and Beyond</u>
-----------------------------------------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

-   Jason: Thanks to all. Lots of work. And Congratulations.

-   Lots of new faces at the meeting.

-   Roger: discussions with Damir (formats) and Curtis (ImageJ).

-   Mark: added comments to Trello. Everyone seemed well-versed in OMERO
    > (not newbies).

-   Will: figure discussions (see above)

-   June: lecture-theatre issues.

    -   Last-minute requests for airport transfers

-   Single-track Metadata workshop work OK?

    -   Josh: experienced devs knew about import already.

    -   Riad: some newbies needed intro to OMERO

    -   Jason: parade was new to all

-   Seb: newbies asking for workshops.

    -   New users might start working with us

-   Josh: Good meeting overall.

    -   Better support for devs: Docs, JSON API, ‘what OMERO does’ page
        > etc.

    -   Need to get ready for multiple-storage: SSBD, figure,
        > elasticsearch etc.

-   Emil: we have “what is OMERO” videos from webinars.

-   Melissa: very positive feedback. People wanting more engagement.

<!-- -->

-   David: lots of positive feedback. Impressed by breadth of what we’re
    > working on

-   Chris: as above, need to improve awareness of everything we’re doing
    > (marketing).

    -   Need domain-specific use-cases etc. Not just feature lists.

    -   What do we do if we get another 20 users at the meeting?

    -   Requests for more complex workflows and assistance, e.g. WSI
        > workshop.

-   Jason: long metadata workshop was my idea - too warm (poor air-con
    > etc)

    -   Do we do this again? Lots to sit through.

    -   Lots of notes to follow-up. How much do we put in?

    -   E.g. Riken users would like us to visit Japan (e.g. 4 of the
        > team)

    -   Hajo/Erasmus as source of digital pathology data/workflows

    -   Need to define the “definitive way to connect IJ with OMERO”

    -   Lots of opportunities for follow-ups & connections between
        > us/users or between users.

    -   Josh: how to get users to push code etc?

    -   Jason: the bar is quite high.

-   Kenny: positive feedback on our Install Docs.

    -   Lots of dev-ops questions instead of “how to install”.

    -   Backups, etc.

    -   No immediate negatives

    -   Users happy to see Ansible work at workshop

    -   Migrate internal training (SC) to the org.

-   Mark: Day 1 talks good.

    -   Jason: Short talks worked out well

    -   Improve gender balance

    -   Send more reminders.

-   Riad - do we have repo of everyone using OMERO?

-   Seb: most of the talks presentations have been sent & put on
    > website.

-   Jason: we’ll promote everything there when complete

-   Mark/Josh: 3rd day - some confusion about schedule: which rooms /
    > workshops.

    -   Defining the single organizational structure **up front**

    -   Didn’t assign tasks very well across the team.

    -   Nor single touching of base (“standup”)

    -   Roger: Schedule sheet (paper) was OK but not easy to find. Use
        > poster board.

    -   Jason: locked doors inconvenient

    -   June: hard to schedule when many are leaving at different times
        > for flights.

    -   Jason: if we want better-organised day-3, needs more preparation
        > work.

    -   Seb: difficult to plan since we don’t know what Users want ahead
        > of time. Balance is important.

    -   Mark: OME team member to chair discussion so all are heard.

    -   Roger: WSI meeting was very broad. Jason: “community-driven”.

    -   Roger: sign-up for topics could include “who I’d like to talk
        > to”

    -   Jason: could do full “un-meeting” but needs prep etc.

        -   Bandwidth limited for planning day-3.

    -   Team members more **visually** distinct

    -   Lanyards / Shirts etc.

    -   Introduce the team at start.

    -   June: add into printed Programme: Ask X about X,Y, Z.

    -   Josh: whiteboard sessions for people looking to integrate

    -   Chris: by end of meeing, Users know who’s who, but not at start.

-   Jason:

    -   Over summer - fix docs and showcase our stuff better

    -   Lots of places running OMERO but not many users.

    -   Need to convince users to get started.

    -   Tools for monitoring systems. E.g. numbers of logins.

    -   Import: performance improvements.

    -   Export: liked Alex’s ‘in-place export’ idea. Something to look
        > at.

    -   “Added value”: cf Suzanne’s metadata work

    -   Docs: what is the right way to work with IJ, CellProfiler, Knime
        > etc?

    -   See Allen Cell explorer for ideas on docs / website.

        -   [<u>https://www.allencell.org/programmatic-data-access.html</u>](https://www.allencell.org/programmatic-data-access.html)

    -   Parade: Welcome “added value” app.

    -   Despite deficiencies, we have a stack that works.

    -   Need discipline to focus on added value.

    -   Will: drive more workshops at places where users are ready to
        > get started.

    -   Jason: over summer - need to keep IDR imports going.

    -   Discussion on import - user’s impression of import of some files
        > taking too long.

    -   Feedback on binary vessels.

    -   “I didn’t know you supported Dicom” - marketing issue.

        -   Chris: breakdown file formats by domain: WSI, HCS, others
            > etc.

        -   Jason: sections for the website. “Solutions for digital
            > pathology, high-content…”

        -   Chris: not obvious to new users that Bio-Formats is used in
            > OMERO.

        -   Kenny: short tweetable videos?

        -   Jason: videos are good but take time etc.

        -   Will: see David Mason’s tweets on Day-2. Short gifs can show
            > a lot.
