---
title: 2018-05-15
---

Dundee: Will, Mark, Kenny, Dominik, Roger, June, Riad,

Remote: Sebastien, Jean-Marie, Josh, Andreas, Liza, David, Jason,
Melissa, Chris, Wilma

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B2ytmM7Jmj58N2gzcWZ6UVJONTA)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West

    -   OMERO 5.4.6 - out last week. Demo/Nightshade updated

        -   Will deploy on outreach server for OME meeting and MacMini
            > for ELMI (week after user meeting)

    -   Training hackathon

        -   Petr in Cambridge. See activity in \#general

        -   Feedback from Petr: prep on training repo and presentation
            > was crucial. Data + public repositories

        -   Follow same pattern for OME users meeting - everything
            > public, linked and tagged

    -   OMERO.web apps for user meeting

        -   iviewer: final PRs then 0.5.0 will go out. (early next week
            > if possible)

            -   Needs support for large number of channels

            -   Discussed ROI compliance with different clients

        -   Figure: early next week (early next week if possible)

            -   Last PRs open

            -   Testing upgrade of old figures -&gt; new model on
                > web-dev-latest

        -   Parade: on-going work

        -   [<u>Metadata
            > workshop</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qXFzeIlijNUDxjRSAIEYZmmeiS4OCREyP_xq7BXOMBs/edit#)

            -   Still some work to do but the bulk of it is there now.
                > Feedback welcome

    -   KLB reader David

        -   Currently working and testing for Demo

        -   PR to be opened today

-   East

    -   IDR 0.5.0: out, otherwise backburnered - no dev on 51 yet

    -   OME-TIFF pyramids: difficulties with writing (Roger)

        -   Need shorter term solution for Users Meeting.

    -   Microservices: moving to testing, also some naming issues

        -   Good progress on incubator projects

        -   Can load JSON without touching Python code

    -   Ops: Apex work and then various monitoring activities

        -   Probably use an orca server for OME meeting

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   Parade progress - prep for webinar

        -   Focus on Screening data

        -   Image counts getting higher - 20 plates - 7500 images

        -   0.1.0 could be tagged soon. Discuss what goes in.

    -   5.4.6 upgrade prep. Memo file update strategy needed.

        -   Josh: could use older BF?

        -   Chris: won’t compile with &lt; 5.8.2 - API change

-   Community

    -   Users’ Meeting

        -   Jason: program \~finalised

        -   June: 67 registered + 1

        -   June: Day 2 schedule decided?

            -   Seb: PR open to add to website

        -   Kenny: extra kg of coffee ordered!

    -   IDR (Seb)

        -   Next steps: improve data in

        -   Add value to new and existing sets

        -   Improve UI - specific datasets requirements. E.g. iviewer
            > for CycIF

        -   Mark: plan to run IDR on mainline BF/OMERO?

        -   Seb: we are close. ScreenReader would be good - needs
            > scoping

        -   Josh: HCA (Human Cell Atlas) Slack - lots of channels

    -   HCA (Josh)

        -   Discussion about imaging file formats

            -   Propose to create hca-imaging channel?

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)
