Dundee: Petr, Will, Mark, Kenny, Jean-Marie, Simon, Riad, Roger, Helen,
June, Dominik,

Remote: Seb, Josh, David, Melissa, Emil, Chris, Jason, Andreas

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X_IH_85sWbjXISMfOHQwJNbNyDopZ0wkpp2eciGnU6w/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   West (Workflows)

    -   B-F 5.8.1

        -   Review of the remaining PR on-going

        -   Release prep tomorrow, release Thursday

    -   OMERO 5.4.5

        -   One possible blocker found on Friday. PR final review

        -   Sysadmin chat: user process limit

            -   Test on new server

            -   Chris - looking into leaks. Not BlitzGateway dependent

                -   More fundamental

                -   Looking at session management changes since 5.2

                -   And see if 5.2 has same problems

                -   Prior to 5.2 max\_requests\_limit was 400 - recycled
                    > without issue

                -   Mark: Ice 3.5 vv 3.6 issue? Chris: possibly

    -   iviewer:

        -   testing on-going

        -   Release after OMERO

-   East (infra/IDR 0.5.0)

    -   IDR 0.4.7

        -   Servers nearly up - then imports can begin immediately

        -   idr0040 to start ASAP

        -   Need predictable schedule for planning

    -   IDR 0.5.0

        -   read-only issues currently receiving focus:

            -   difficulty starting up in CI

            -   intermittent server exception on login

            -   Bio-Formats readers do not open (as mentioned last week)

            -   read-write assumptions in getters of rendering and
                > thumbnail beans

        -   Testing & demoing on the horizon

        -   IDR 50 testing in Docker painful but needed for read-only
            > testing

    -   Various other small releases & issues

        -   ome-\* components except turbojpeg (licence issues - upload
            > jar instead)

        -   Pyramids: Hitting MinimalTiffReader issues

            -   Refactor needed

        -   Microservices: Hitting the server/blitz circular dependency

-   Glencoe - Chris

    -   5.4 upgrade

-   Community

    -   Users’ Meeting - registrations increasing… Room bookings etc.

    -   Updates from Janelia & Singapore GBI meetings: Jason

        -   Interesting times

        -   Everyone having similar management (large-scale) needs

        -   Have shown it’s *possible* and now they want to, too.

        -   Accessing expertise, but costing issue.

    -   Update from
        > [<u>TIM</u>](https://trello.com/c/XItmZ9Tn/193-tim-12-14-03-2018-duesseldorf)

        -   2 workshops - well attended.

        -   Positive feedback

        -   Good level of interest in getting started/installed

        -   Expert users feedback - import issues - dropbox - smuggler -
            > Insight issues etc.

        -   See feedback on card & linked gdoc

    -   UoDIT

        -   “It’s a communication problem”

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   www-legacy is finally dying - please check if there is anything
    > private access there that you want to keep before the end of the
    > week as we may just rely on a public web archive or just mirror
    > the public access content for our own archives.

-   Still some content not migrated. Export of Plone content to html not
    > working.

-   Most useful: OME meeting presentations (external) and internal
    > meeting notes.

-   June: previous OME meeting programmes useful for getting speaker
    > lists etc.

-   
