**21st March**

Dundee: Will, Kenny, Simone, Simon, Ola, Helen, Mark, Roger, Petr,
Dominik, Jean-Marie, June, Balaji,

Remote: Eleanor, Josh, Sebastien, Melissa, Liza, Andreas, David, Emil,
Wilma

&gt; \*\*Remember: Agenda must be complete (with estimated times) on the
day before the meeting. Any additions after that must go at the bottom
(AOCB)\*\*

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-03-14-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each where not otherwise noted)

1\. Spaces (\*\*30 minutes\*\*)

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-3-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- Planning next 3 months’ work on IDR, Bioformats & OMERO

\- April, May, June - including POTN and CytoHack.

\- BF 5.4.0 out today. Bug fixes only for 5.4.1 & 5.4.2 (April)

\- Multimot/OME Files Py 0.1.0 March, April & May OME Files 0.4.0 tiling
benchmark, extended metadata.

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

\- 3 new IDR boards created (0.3.5, 0.3.6, and 0.4.0)

\- 0.3.4 out last Thursday

\- Adding more datasets on 0.3.x line up till POTN

\- IDR 0.4.0 - OMERO 5.3.0 Queue, SSO/tokens, analysis scaling, features

\- ITR prototype using Galaxy “scripts on steroids”

\- Reuse this for CytoHack, training, even internally for QA

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.0\](https://trello.com/b/FoyfXCaf/omero-5-3-0) (J-M)

\- OMERO 5.2.8 out soon - final testing (on Windows too)!

\- OMERO 5.3.1 & 5.3.2 (April & May)

\- OMERO 5.4.0-m1 ‘roles’ & queue/web import

\- Josh: new web-site before POTN? Still lots to do. Need to decide
after 5.3.0.

\- Helen: lots of content on current site doesn’t yet have corresponding
place on new site.

\- JM: meeting end of next week to discuss.

\- Josh: now’s the time to raise any issues (too little / too much)

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

> \- Dubrovnik workshop?

1\. Figure - release after 5.3.0

1\. Iviewer

> \- Balaji reviewing iViewer in permissions context, ROIs permissions
> etc.

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

> \- This week will be the deployment of a new web VM for Nightshade
> 5.3.0
>
> \- Josh: ongoing memory issue on trout - will fix after 5.3.0
>
> \- Will try to get virtual machine running this week.
>
> \- New Nightshade running by end of month

1\. Mtools being upgraded (Prep work from Balaji)

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

> \- Emil- pathviewer work on large number of Channels
>
> \- Right panel metadata for Images/Wells

1\. User meeting update

> \- Gap on schedule

\- T-shirt suggestions!

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

\- Rota for notes and audio for Tuesday meeting

\- IDR meeting next week in Dundee (Mon & Tues)

\- Possibly skip Tuesday meeting?
