---
title: 2017-02-14
---

**14th February**

Dundee: Kenny, Petr, Ola, Balaji, Mark, JM, Helen, Simon, Roger, June,
Simone, Jason,

Remote: Sebastien, Eleanor, Wilma, Will, Melissa, David, Emil, Chris,
Andreas

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-02-07-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-3-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/wA1T35Ld/ome-files-0-3-0) (Sebastien)

1\. OME Files 0.3.0

\- Seb: Just out the door.

\- Next steps: start using/consuming this, benchmarking for paper
revision.

\- C++ implementation way better than Jace for real/large data

\- Couple of fixes to come

1\. Bio-Formats 5.3.4

\- Just integrated PR fixing regression

\- Early next week for release planned, then moving on patch releases

\- Discussions to come re: tidying, Big-images and tiling

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Eleanor)

\- IDR demo33 release - annotation fixes

\- fixing annotation bugs mainly (changing annotations for mapr, update,
delete)

\- Paper reviews back

\- Next IDR release - more datasets, new Embassy cloud set up

\- Waiting to hear back from EBI - setup ongoing

\- Plans for more analysis - genes related to proteasome (\~30 genes) -
analysis of existing phenotypes and looking at features from images
related to these genes.

\- Jason: Trying to exercise the datasets in the IDR

\- Simon: Sysadmin docs for IDR being written, linked from paper

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.0\](https://trello.com/b/FoyfXCaf/omero-5-3-0) (J-M)

1\. 5.3.0-m8 available

\- out today, to test release workflow (pdfs etc)

\- web API change (support for well)

\- Bio-Formats 5.3.3 (not 5.3.4)

\-

1\. doc work ongoing

\- can people look at unattached cards and join cards if they can

\- ice 3.6 will be default, so docs to clean/update ice 3.5 references

1\. \[New Roles\](https://trello.com/c/t0nT7KYa/133-new-role) (Mark)

\- preventing privilege elevation in user management turning out to be
difficult

\- made progress but will probably take this week too to get that
working

\- Will \[started
work\](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/5101) on
webadmin side

\- Will has created new UI, PR open (light-admins)

\- Helen: Can we document it now?

\- Mark: Probably, though perhaps not screenshots.

\- Petr: ppt and card explains all the permissions

\- JM: same for change ownership

\- Balaji has created some videos for import and import-as from the CLI,
will be useful for facility managers. To be published.

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

\- Josh at neubias (Lisbon)

\- ELMI coming up. Workshop? (Dubrovnik) 23-26 May

\- Petr: Last meeting was useful - lots of interest

\- Seb: Overlap with user meeting (31 May-01 June)

\- (Cambridge workshops end of June)

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

\-

1\. Iviewer

\- Some PRs open, ROI workflows improving, daily cowfish deployments

1\. Sysadmin

\- SLS infra issues

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

\- Big focus at the moment are RO and scalability issues

\- PathViewer bugfix releases

1\. \#POTN Users Meeting (Jason)

1\. Workshops: expect same format.

\- Lightning talks (morning), Invited (afternoon)

\- Thoughts appreciated on format of workshops

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)
