---
title: 2017-01-17
---

**17th January 2017**

Dundee: Kenny, Petr, Mark, Dominik, Jean-Marie, Jason, Ola, Simon, June,
Will, Simone, Roger

Remote: Sebastien, Josh M, Helen, Eleanor, Melissa, Emil, David, Wilma

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\]([<u>https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2016/2016-12-13-tuesday-team-meeting</u>](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2016/2016-12-13-tuesday-team-meeting))

\- accepted

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces - 14:00 UK

1\.
\[Files/Formats\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/O3d1aegk/bio-formats-5-3-0</u>](https://trello.com/b/O3d1aegk/bio-formats-5-3-0))/\[OME
Files\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/wA1T35Ld/ome-files-0-3-0</u>](https://trello.com/b/wA1T35Ld/ome-files-0-3-0))
(Sebastien)

1\. OME Files 0.3.3

\* \[first
part\]([<u>https://github.com/ome/ome-model/pull/17</u>](https://github.com/ome/ome-model/pull/17))
of the proposed model extension integrated

\* next step will be API addition for creating model objects and
registering custom types (e.g. Annotation of type csv, modulo….)

\* Also initiated work on \[Python bindings for OME Files
C++\]([<u>https://github.com/ome/ome-files-py</u>](https://github.com/ome/ome-files-py))
in the perspective of CMSO meeting at the end of the month

1\. OME Files 0.2.3

\* generally positive reviews on the submitted paper

\* Major requirement are data supporting our “performance” statement.

\* initiated work on \[measuring
performance\]([<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/ome-files-performance</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/ome-files-performance))
of OME-TIFF reading/writing using C++/Java

\* Roger: now mostly done, should have comparison before going on leave

\* Jason: modern acquisition systems so complex and varied that map
annotations may be the way forward in modeling them

1\. Bio-Formats 5.3.x

\* ongoing improvements/bug fixes for the TIFF writing functionalities
including review/expansion of the test coverage

\* proprietary file formats improvements coming from Glencoe and
external (Michael Golzer from Leica)

\* preparation of the testing of ome-model 5.4.0: import/export of
transforms in Bio-Formats & OMERO

1\.
\[Metadata\]([<u>https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata</u>](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata))
(Josh)

1\. 0.3.2 going out tomorrow (barring disaster) incl. idr0032

1\. 0.3.3 will likely focus on populate metadata extraction

\- pip installable, targeted annotation deletion (namespace)

\- Eleanor: hoping to get a couple more datasets in

1\.
[<u>https://trello.com/b/gitlBfRQ/idr-0-3-3</u>](https://trello.com/b/gitlBfRQ/idr-0-3-3)
cleanup needed

1\. will in due course need more Bio-Formats help

1\. \[OMERO
5.3.0\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/FoyfXCaf/omero-5-3-0</u>](https://trello.com/b/FoyfXCaf/omero-5-3-0))
(J-M)

1\.
\[5.3.0-m7\]([<u>http://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/omero/5.3.0-m7/</u>](http://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/omero/5.3.0-m7/))
tagged yesterday

1\. \[Possible DB
change\]([<u>https://trello.com/c/V7KF838s/127-db-change-source-to-annotation</u>](https://trello.com/c/V7KF838s/127-db-change-source-to-annotation))

\- soon finalizing 5.3 DB

\- may be of particular interest to Glencoe

1\. \[Web
API\]([<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/65</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/65))

\- Will: adding URLs for browsing JSON data (navigation, etc.)

1\. \[New
Role\]([<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/62</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/62))

\* Mark: current plan is,

1\. this week: split WriteFile privilege out separately for
WriteOfficialScript, also Write privileges out from Delete privileges

\* map OriginalFile.repo into OMERO object model but prohibit changing
it

1\. next week: focus on on user management privileges: create group, add
to group, etc.

1\. after that work, main remaining themes for 5.3.0 are:

\* block privilege elevation routes, e.g., add friend to system group

\* provide IObject.can\* methods so clients know user's powers

1\. probably push into 5.3.x:

\* \[import into other
groups\]([<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/4957</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/4957))

\* some of the new roles integration tests rely on this and would thus
be broken in the interim

\* client UI work

1\. probably push \*beyond\* 5.3.x:

\* restrictions such that user's powers are even less than that of the
user to whom they sudo'd

\* e.g., sudo to a normal user to import for them but then cannot delete
their data

\* retention of privileges even after sudo'ing to less powerful user

\* possibly a bad idea anyway

\* Mark: given availability from others, could at short notice hand off
writing of integration tests

\* Jason: is reasonable to expect some intelligence and responsibility
from users

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

\* Jean-Marie: people off to Texas

\* Jean-Marie: need to fix a date for summer training in Cambridge

1\. Other releases/upgrades - 14:22 UK

1\. Figure

1\. "compiled" code no longer on gh

1\. iviewer

1\. "compiled" code no longer on gh

1\. Learning

1\. Sysadmin

1\. Josh: Ansible/Galaxy strategy (social media coming)

\- following \[restructuring
PR\]([<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/infrastructure/pull/239</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/infrastructure/pull/239))
only playbooks in repository, your roles should be off in other
repositories

1\. Kenny: demo server isn't allowing saving tags

1\. to discuss plans for nightshade

1\. Website redevelopment/redesign (Liza)

\- no update until mid-February

1\. Smuggler (Montpellier)

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris) - 14:28 UK

\- working with opensource web team to get PRs merged

\- mostly fixed issues with TIFF writing, outstanding issues with
many-channel BigTIFF

\- work on read-only server infrastructure

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled) - 14:30 UK

\* OMERO code
\[issues\]([<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue%20author%3AAppChecker</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue%20author%3AAppChecker))
reported by AppChecker

\* Jean-Marie: list a couple in each standup

1\. Jason year overview (20-25 minutes plus 15 mins questions) - 14:32
UK

\- comments welcome

Done 15:42 UK
