**4th July**

Dundee: Kenny, Roger, Seb, Mark, Balaji, Simon, Petr, Simone, June

Remote: JM, Dom, Josh, Eleanor, Chris,

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-06-27-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces - 14:00

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- Bio-Formats 5.5.3

2 releases ready

Almost ready to ship

Announcement open as a PR

Test/Release likely tomorrow

\- OME Files 0.4.0 incl. Tiled OME-TIFF writing

Tested successfully, all passed, EOB today

Tiled OME-TIFF files major feature

\- Bio-Formats 5.6.0

Focus to shift here, isolation, decoupling,

> low-level (codecs, decoupling TIFF)
>
> Couple of milestones: integration of decoupled codecs
>
> Some time next week for milestones. Then integration to OMERO 5.4
>
> Breaking changes to Bio-Formats cache? Not sure. Perhaps for
> serialisation, not API.

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh) -
14:03 UK

-   Cytohack: more brainstorming next week. Short summary: overall went
    > well. Few issues with server falling over. Was using production41
    > (will never get live)

-   Moving towards production42

-   IDR: Discussed filesets. New prioritization (see board).
    > Top-priority: BBBC021. Used by 4-5 presentations during the 1st
    > day of Cytohack. Need to focus on getting ROIs and annotations in.
    > Need to check license.

-   Liverpool light-sheet data is coming. Tracks stored in the BDV
    > format.

-   Production41 was partly read-only (1 server + 2 read-only). Possible
    > to scale further.

1\. \[OMERO
5.4.0\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540</u>](https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540))
- 14:09 UK

1\. Roles PR to be merged (DB changes) Any vetoes? then tag 5.4.0-m1

-   Current state of PR: breaks C++. JM: let’s merge PR if no objection

-   JM: cards were moved/triaged on the 5.4.0 board. Thursday morning
    > post-standup: chat about OMERO 5.4

-   Consumption by IDR: not before August.

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

-   Next target: global bioimaging

-   Few abstracts: Big data in biology and health pushed to July 28th

-   NEUBIAS meeting in Sweden

-   Heidelberg Seeing is Believing ? To be discussed

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure 14:14 UK

1\. Release 3.1.1 out. Bug fixing with older figure. To be deployed on
nightshade this evening.

1\. Need for a schema to be discussed. Ongoing discussions. Also useful
for consumption in notebooks.

1\. Iviewer

-   Mock ups for adding tags in the table

1\. \[ms-queue\](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/omero-ms-queue)

1\. new tag 0.2.0: version currently running at Montpellier

1\. List of
\[issues\](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/omero-ms-queue/issues)
detailing changes to come

1\. \[new
website\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/6W7nuoE8/website-020</u>](https://trello.com/b/6W7nuoE8/website-020))

1\. 0.2.0 is due next week. 12 July iirc. Goal: freeze both content and
styling for 1st live deployment.

1 To raise any real blockers for deployment

1 Thanks to all PRs. More review this evening.

1 Pagination, styling small updates

1 On track. Background: docs - no longer a blocker

> To start deployment strategy mock-up. (isolated OME based deployment)
>
> Expect to have prototype for next week / code freeze
>
> To drive identification of blockers/issues for deployment

1 All to be reviewed next week

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs) - 14:19 UK

-   Figure/new website work. Upgraded NS to 5.3.3 and discovered Figure
    > bug. Triggered process of fixing bug.

    -   Josh: cause of the bug? Related to the introduction of
        > reverseIntensity. Did this potentially break other clients
        > than figure? JM: was making assumption that the information
        > was there.

    -   Petr: also points at the lack of testing/data. Need something
        > more lightweight than copy of NS db.

    -   JM: need some relaxation on the assumptions of figure.

-   Demo server not upgraded yet (Ansible issues). To happen
    > alongside/following the website work.

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris) - 14:24 UK

Still working in microservices, scalability, rendering engine (this
week)

1\. Presentation by Seb "website and downloads and docs"

Seb: Questions/Concerns?

(Clarification over style coupling mtbc/sb)

Review: mtbc: a dev server? Jenkins HTML plugin can build the staging
version. Probably don’t need a second redeployment step.

Roger: plonematch.css? Is it standalone or inheriting from default
sphinx theme?

Seb: Have a look at the PR. We don’t rely on anything else.

Jason: Definite improvement.

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

-   Josh: when is the next Users meeting?

    -   Simon: people were interested at hackhaton before Users meeting.
        > Need dates to organize

-   Petr: sound check last Friday. Quality of these meeting varying.

    -   Jason: several issues. People might need to speak up in the
        > room. Problem with the audio/soundboard. Trying to get another
        > microphone (1 in front of each table). Suppress secondary
        > conversations in the meeting room. Also reduce objects on the
        > desk/typing unrelated to the meeting.
