**6th June**

Dundee: Will, Petr, Dominik, Mark, Kenny, Jean-Marie, Andreas, Simone,
Roger, Balaji,

Remote: Sebastien, Liza, Wilma, Eleanor, David, Simon, Melissa, Emil,
Josh,

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-05-30-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)\\

1\. Bio-Formats 5.5.2

> \- Trello board with few bug-fixes. External PR
>
> \- Small release soon

1\. OME Files 0.4.0

> \- Tiling api and options work
>
> \- Testing tiling benchmarks
>
> \- 2 benchmarks - need to make scripts etc reusable
>
> \- Java code for writing large images getting reviewed today
>
> \- Later this week will test C++ code
>
> \- CMSO multimot prep for Essen? Workshop in 3 weeks
>
> \- preparatory work on OME FIles Python, OME-TIFF companion filesets

1\. Tiling benchmark

1\. CMSO/MULTIMOT workshop

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

1\. Working on 0.4.0 release

> \- No known blockers
>
> \- Spin up 5.3.0 and start importing soon
>
> \- Most remaining TODOs are ‘analysis’. Maybe rename board?

1\. Upcoming outreach (training & conferences)

1\. General "analysis" strategy - proteosome

> \- Priorities of above will determine which servers to focus on

1\. \[OMERO
5.3.2\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/99FNECY9/omero-5-3-2</u>](https://trello.com/b/99FNECY9/omero-5-3-2))

> \- Cleaning up 5.3.3 board, focus on CLI and major bugs
>
> \- 5.3.3 probably last release before 5.4.x ‘roles’ becomes develop
>
> \- Dom is looking at Java client code to deprecate - need to announce
> when known
>
> \- Alex’s ImageJ plugin is lighter-weight tool for browsing P/D/I and
> opening image in regular IJ viewer.

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

> \- Cambridge workshop 7th & 8th December.
>
> \- Cytohack 28-29 June
>
> \- Big Data in Biology 25-27 Sep
>
> \- Internal training Dundee in June? TBD with Graeme
>
> \- IDR into - 28th June - Cambridge

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

> \- Release soon, few features merged
>
> \- Testing dev console scripting

1\. Iviewer

> \- Good feedback from meeting
>
> \- 20th June next release
>
> \- viewer-ng board in Trello. Add to inbox
>
> \- We will maintain omero\_fpbioimage 3D viewer. New board created

1\. new website

> \- e-mails discussing next steps
>
> \- Blockers for production?
>
> \- Will go live, with old website still available
>
> \- Ongoing styling work to be integrated in next few weeks
>
> \- Moving away from Foundation framework
>
> \- New urls likely for ome-documentation & staging
>
> \- Workflow for docs PRs won’t change

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

> \- Various web apps installed on nightshade. FBbioimage, webtagging,
> iviewer & figure updated
>
> \- ci upgraded and now open to public with latest Jenkins and plugins
>
> \- Demo server deploy ongoing - deadline on Friday

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

> \- Thanks to OME team for the meeting
>
> \- Microservices work. See thumbnails example
>
> \- Next: tiles microservice
>
> \- Populate metadata fixes - for resolving on images
>
> \- Josh: auto parse ID as Number or Name
>
> [<u>https://github.com/glencoesoftware/omero-ms-thumbnail</u>](https://github.com/glencoesoftware/omero-ms-thumbnail)

1\. POTN review (20-25 minutes plus 15 mins questions max)

1\. Closing \[POTN 2017 board\](https://trello.com/b/2p0svfga/potn-2017)
if there are no objections.

1\. Josh to migrate \[Day 3
cards\](https://trello.com/b/LOP6rdXY/ome2017-day3) and close board.

1\. POTN feedback for \[OME 2017
board\](https://trello.com/b/Laa7ES2O/ome2017) should be added by close
of business \*today\*.

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

1\. Josh: Private emails - redirect to public lists
