**28th February**

Dundee: Petr, Kenny, Will, Jean-Marie, Dominik, Simon, Simone, Ola,
June, Jason, Mark

Remote: Sebastien, Helen, Josh, Andreas, David, Melissa, Emil, Wilma,
Eleanor,

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-02-21-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-3-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- Assembling benchmark results

\- OME-Files patch release this week

\- Formats meeting tomorrow - few items

> \- benchmarking, tiling api

\- MultiMOT data collaboration, image data + analysis results (tracks
etc)

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

> \- IDR 0.3.4 tentative date March 8th
>
> \- Thumbnail performance improvements and UI updates from reviewer
> feedback
>
> \- 4 datasets lined up and ‘ready to go’.
>
> \- 2 papers soon with IDR data
>
> \- Group testing tomorrow (see standup notes) workflow/functionality
> testing Mapr etc.
>
> \- Not performance testing at this stage
>
> \- Demo 0.3.3 (same as public) to test new cloud

1\. \[OMERO
5.3.0\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/FoyfXCaf/omero-5-3-0</u>](https://trello.com/b/FoyfXCaf/omero-5-3-0))

\- Feature freeze today - all PRs open

\- Not including Admin Privileges in 5.3.0

\- Focus on merging PRs and documentation

\- Maybe release before end of March if ready

\- Try to release OMERO.figure at same time

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

\- Jason: speak at cytohacking meeting, with IDR data (see last week’s
notes)

\- Videos coming CLI 5.2.7

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

> \- reviewing last PR ‘ROIs from OMERO’

1\. Iviewer

> \- Lots of shape fixes etc
>
> \- Thinking about Shape stats/intensity etc.

1\. Sysadmin

1\. Josh: ansible status - tweeting about them to promote usage

> \- Training for anyone not familiar
>
> \- Grab Ansible PRs from standup and have a go

1\. Josh: Purchasing board

> \- Hardware, licenses etc.
>
> \- Team visible only - Add yourself

1\. Kenny

> \- spacewalk certificate updated
>
> \- VMware cluster issues being addressed
>
> \- Need more users for vetting forum users
>
> \- Could auto-add these to trello board?
>
> \- Suggestion that standup picks these up

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

> \- Multichannels in pathviewer
>
> \- Scalability / readonly etc
>
> \- Webinar preparation for April

1\. User meeting update

> \- Gdoc ‘meeting programme’
>
> \- Douglas AWS workshop
>
> \- Orbit workshop
>
> \- Wine tasting again - with food in ‘The Street’

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)
