---
title: 2017-04-18
---

**18th April**

Dundee: Petr, June, Dom, Balaji, JM, Mark C, Simone, Ola, Simon, Kenny,
Jason, Roger

Remote: Josh, Seb, Eleanor, Kevin E., Wilma, Liza, Will, Melissa,
Andreas, Curtis, Alison, Chris

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-04-11-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Alison Walter (UW Madison) - converting ROI from ImageJ to OMERO

\- Masters at LOCI

\- 1) Add ROIs to ImgLib2

\- 2) ImageJ-OMERO ROI support

\- ImgLib2 ROIs. Add OMERO equivalent ROIs.

\- Use Real space

\- Binary/Unary operations, affine transforms

\- Contains() implementation

\- Currently visible in BigDataViewer without needing major changes

\- Curtis: ImgLib2 hackathon discussed ROIs. Good progress

\- Wrap OMERO ROIs in IJ.

\- Saving to OMERO - simply add new ROIs instead of updating existing
ROIs

\- Consistent boundary behavior - OMERO doesn’t specify behavior.
Insight (awt) inconsistent.

\- Could configure options for inclusion algorithm.

\- IJ -&gt; OMERO ROIs - add annotations to document inclusion behavior

\- Jason: IJ inclusion behaviour inconsistent (different plugins)?

\- Alison: no

\- Curtis: e.g. ‘Open rectangle’ in IJ -&gt; OMERO with annotation to
specify ‘open’

\- Chris: transforms in real space. Need consistent handling of edges
with affine transform.

> \- Implementation-dependent wrt performance.

\- Alison: ImgLib2 does have consistent handling of affine transforms

\- Curtis: use cases don’t need to go back and forth Integer space
&lt;-&gt; real space.

\- Won’t support OMERO label shapes initially

\- Jason: can use this on IDR data?

\- Josh: e.g. mitocheck 50000 polygons in timelapse movie.

> \- IDR has 1.2 million polygons

\- Curtis: see trackmate for high performance handling of many ROIs

\- Chris: would be useful to select shapes within region of an image
(big images).

\- Alison: probably doable with image ops

\- Curtis: BigDataViewer only loads ROIs as needed for viewed
region/resolution.

\- Josh: OMERO can have extra metadata/annotations - how to handle this
in IJ ROIs? E.g. filter ROI display by metadata.

\- Curtis: will point us to code etc when ready for testing etc.

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- OIR testing of new reader (Balaji)

> \- Assess this week to decide on next steps/release
>
> \- Paper discussion -

\- 5.4.1 release last week, bug fixes and docs

\- Discussing bringing tiling API in C++ (same as for Java)

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

\- Paper needs to be in by Friday

\- Demo 35 released today (1 new dataset - need to fix rendering
settings before tweeting).

\- Would be nice to allow authors to set settings (without sending yaml
files)

\- Wnd-Charm features being generated for users’ meeting

\- Several PRs rebased to OMERO 5.3. But maybe target 5.4.

\- IDR testing server available with public login

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.1\](https://trello.com/b/2V7YCJKj/omero-5-3-1) (J-M)

\- Major \[share bug\](https://trello.com/c/sMxu4Rwi/1-bug-fix-shares)

\- Release scheduled for Thursday 20/04

> \- Include other smaller bugfixes

\- Pushed 5.3.2 release to 16/05, include thumbnails work

1\. \[OMERO
5.4.0-m1\](https://trello.com/b/VkiONV40/omero-5-4-0-m1-new-role) (Mark)

\- \`can\*\` methods work done

\- fixed Petr's failing \`can\*\` test

\- Mark added \`canChgrp\`, \`canChown\`

\- still to improve performance

\- the triggers approach of \`OMERO5.4DEV\_\_1\` database could be
extended to move more permissions checking code from Java to PL/pgSQL

\- in server code \[could cache more with
session\](https://trello.com/c/HRJyHGHh)

\- existing session / security changes already conflict with \[bringing
read-only work to
IDR\](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/5213)

\- further work here will create further conflicts

\- in OmeroWeb integration tests \[a couple of
failures\](https://trello.com/c/nWvUzN5t)

\- Will to help Mark understand them

\- rare group-related \[flakiness in
import\](https://trello.com/c/DfulHH2y)

\- \[may
preexist\](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/4957)
roles work but could be triggered more by it

\- thorny issue, may require Josh's help to diagnose

\- trying another optimistic fix in tomorrow's merge build

> \- Jason: want to try a demo of clients to highlight remaining issues?
>
> \- Petr: happy to do one, but clients are looking pretty good

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

> \- Planning nightshade user training with new features, analysis tools

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

\- release 3.0.0 scheduled 19/04

> \- Testing deployment from testPypi today
>
> \- Will try new commercial tool for pypi testing & release after
> release

1\. Iviewer

\- Browser testing - issues in IE

1\. new website

> \- Liza working on graphics, team working on content

\- Liza has added the new navigation to allow extra pages in the OMERO
developer section

\- next content priorities are developer focused and marked with orange
labels on the 'content to dos' list of the \[new website trello
board\](https://trello.com/b/Y8BzIDEB/new-website), anyone should feel
free to contribute, there's a gdoc for drafting 'Getting Started'
suggestions

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- Nightshade major version upgrade.

\- Pre-upgrade check delayed due to web de-coupling investigation

\- 5.3.0 upgrade planned for this evening

\- OMERO.web running from separate VM, stable. Ready for upgrade this
evening.

\- Mark: docs could be improved.

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

\- Olympus work up now for review

\- couple PRs related to session handling up for review in the next
couple of days

\- Working on preparing for OMERO Plus 5.3 / Bio-Formats 5.4

\- webinar at the end of the month.

1\. User meeting update

\- Workshop confirmations

\- Will need to start prepping soon

\- First night at DCA, with chairs!

\- 2nd night - wine tasting in “The Street” with food.

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

\- Curtis: would be good to have OME presence at IJ hackathon - several
coming up
[<u>http://imagej.net/Hackathon</u>](http://imagej.net/Hackathon)
