---
title: 2017-03-14
---

**14th March**

Dundee: Will, Petr, Dominik, Mark, Balaji, Jean-Marie, June, Simon,
Simone, Helen, Jason,

Remote: Sebastien, Eleanor, Josh, Melissa, Wilma, David, Andreas, Liza,
Emil

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-03-07-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-3-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- BF nearing 5.4.0 - all PRs open

\- Tested integration with OMERO 5.3.0

\- Should be to release state by end of week

\- CMSO / Multimot - Converting multiple-TIFFs to OME-TIFF

\- Discuss more on Thursday

\-

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

\- Impending release of demo34 - tomorrow hopefully

> \- annotations ongoing

\- Upcoming meeting in Dundee - Bio-emergences not coming

\- demo35 mid April

> \- Paper edits & responses in progress

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.0\](https://trello.com/b/FoyfXCaf/omero-5-3-0)

\- now uses new omero-marshal 0.5.0 release

\- code freeze \*this Friday\*

> \- Thumbnails now working
>
> \- sql scripts tested
>
> \- Script for migrating annotations from Image -&gt; Well
>
> \- Docs for upgrading, color fixes etc
>
> \- Docs: omego vv Downloads discussion

1\. \[Outreach\](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

> \- Dubrovnic meeting ELMI 23-26th May (workshops 24/25)
>
> \- 2 days before Users Meeting POTN
>
> \- Cambridge training session moved to September
>
> \- Cytohacking meeting (28-30th June Imperial)
>
> \- Jason will be giving a talk.
>
> \- Workshop/hackathon on IDR / data.

\- Docker reproducible science workshop (27th June Cambridge)

> \- Balaji - workshop yesterday evening - EastBio Phd students went
> well

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

1\. Iviewer

> \- cowfish down.

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- Kenny:
[<u>https://trello.com/c/T9yj4vfm/713-proposals-for-new-nightshade</u>](https://trello.com/c/T9yj4vfm/713-proposals-for-new-nightshade)

> \- See files in gdrive - Openstack vv Bare metal

\- Josh: MT-merge-deploy

> \- Re: cowfish: management-tools merge deploy job went ‘haywire’

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

> \- No opensource work. Webinar preparation

1\. User meeting update

> \- Jason, will create cards for workshops from external users

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

> \- Working from home vv unwell. Binary. (XOR)
>
> \- Don’t leave annual leave until the last minute
