---
title: 2017-04-11
---

**11th April**

Dundee: Petr, Dom, June, Jason, JM, Mark, Helen, Simon, Kenny, Balaji

Remote: Ola, Roger, David, Chris, Andreas, Melissa, Wilma

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-04-04-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0</u>](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0))

David: preparation for 5.4.1 release, aiming for the end of this week.
Still one external PR

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Simon)

Simon: new dataset and annotations. Docker server is ready to go for
feature calculation.

> Jason: new datasets are coming in.

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.1\](https://trello.com/b/99FNECY9/omero-5-3-1) (J-M)

1\. ongoing IDR-omero reconciliation

J-M: There are several PRs opened to get thumbanils and metadata to main
line.

1\. bugs fixing

J-M bug in sharing noticed recently

Mark: reviewing cards from inbox

1\. \[OMERO
5.4.0-m1\](https://trello.com/b/VkiONV40/omero-5-4-0-m1-new-role)

1\. Roles work not included in 5.3.0

Mark: focusing now security system handling model objects. We will have
to look at performance later. Few integration tests are failing.

1\. \[database triggers
approach\](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/5204)
prevents privilege elevation via update service

\- getting this working was the most challenging pre-5.3.0 blocker

1\. Petr is checking existing \`can\*\` methods on OMERO model objects

\- Mark's tests of \`can\*\` methods now pass

\- Mark to investigate Petr's failing \`can\*\` test

\- Mark to add \`canChgrp\`, \`canChown\`

1\. performance improvements to come later, perhaps by,

\- caching more information with session

\- replacing Java checks with more database triggers

1\. roles devspace fails a couple of OmeroWeb integration tests

\- hoping for Will's help in understanding them once he's back

1\. \[Outreach\](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

Jason: Josh in Janelia, will present next week

Simon/Kenny: Ansible meetup in Edinburgh.

> J-M: keeping an eye on other meetings deadlines

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Worked on \[release app
template\](https://trello.com/b/Vp1FQ2Da/web-app-release-template)

1\. weberror,
\[webtest\]([<u>https://pypi.python.org/pypi/omero-webtest</u>](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/omero-webtest)),

\[gallery\](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/omero-gallery) new version on
pypi

J-M: Releasing web apps.

1\. Figure:

1\. Prep for release.

J-M: rois in figure will be loaded using API (omero-marshal) in next
version

1\. iviewer

1\. \[web-dev-merge\](http://web-dev-merge.openmicroscopy.org/)

1\. ongoing work on permissions

Mark: more testing on the go

1\. new website

Helen: Petr signed off on omero pages. PR will be merged this afternoon.
Lisa will then work on graphics and development sections.

> J-M/Helen: There are few cards for suggestions.
>
> Helen is away next week

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

Kenny: nightshade VM facilitating 5.3.0 tested successfully. During
downtime we will sync data with GPFS.

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

Chris: Preparing PathViewer webinar, Work on BF and horizontal scaling.

1\. User meeting update

Jason: trying to get final list of titles of presentations. Publishing
agenda next week.

1\. analysis Jupyter/R-matlab.
\[Notes\]([<u>https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tmkATaKeMC4DocMUnXDTRiDKtsrsCMIkFtW5gqR2Of8/edit</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tmkATaKeMC4DocMUnXDTRiDKtsrsCMIkFtW5gqR2Of8/edit))

Balaji: trying to set up R-matlab with Jupyter, so far successful with
installation but facing some issues with docker.

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

Monday morning coffee 10:30
