---
title: 2017-04-25
---

**25th April**

Dundee: Will, Helen, Mark, Petr, Dominik, Jean-Marie, Simon, June,
Simone, Balaji, Jason, Kenny, Roger

Remote: Josh, Seb, Melissa, David, Andreas, Liza,

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-04-18-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- First review of tiling benchmark results from David on Wednesday

\- Not public yet, but available internally gdoc

\- BF started new minor release cycle - Large format changes, no API
changes

> \- Olympus OIR format, from Glencoe. Public sample data.
>
> \- ndpis format - target to release next week & include in OMERO 5.3.2

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

1\. Paper edits & new URL

> \- Resubmit soon.
>
> \- Drop -demo from url.

1\. IDR 0.3.6/7 ‘production’ not demo

> \- Update urls everywhere

1\. IDR 0.4.0

> \- Ola’s work. PRs rebased, everything green
>
> \- New server e.g. “idr next”
>
> \- Enable figure, iViewer etc?

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.2\](https://trello.com/b/99FNECY9/omero-5-3-2)

1\. 5.3.1 out last week

1\. Only "key" cards for the 5.3.2 release - moving trello cards to new
board

1\. Focus on User meeting see point below

1\. \[OMERO
5.4.0-m1\](https://trello.com/b/VkiONV40/omero-5-4-0-m1-new-role)
(Petr/Mark)

\- Mark: OmeroWeb integration test failures fixed, \[thanks to
Will\](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/5255)

\- Mark: may have finally fixed rare group-related \[flakiness in
import\](https://trello.com/c/DfulHH2y)

\- Mark: working on improving performance

\- finally got profiling working

\- with the help of, \`omero.jvmcfg.append -Xverify:none\`

\- identified bottlenecks

\- proceeding with some adjustments to server code to check their effect

\- Petr: live demo

1\. \[Outreach\](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

1\. Janelia report (Josh)

\- Longer notes on card on outreach board

\- first days “very biological”

\- Lots of new imaging modalities

\- New pieces of metadata

\- ‘expansion microscopy’ - original pixel size -&gt; x4

\- nDim - multiple lasers in various dimensions etc

\- Correlative microscopy common theme

\- Often using matlab notebook to bring everything together

\- Day 3, more computational

\- Brain imaging etc

\- Janelia DVID - ndim service for looking up blocks (binary data). Can
we make use of this?

\- czi -
[<u>https://chanzuckerberg.com/</u>](https://chanzuckerberg.com/) nice
presentation

\- hdf5 formats and other new formats.

\- ITR ‘image tool resource’ project.

> \- e.g. [<u>http://sagebase.org/</u>](http://sagebase.org/)
>
> \- Available data & platform for algorithms to solve various
> challenges

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

> \- Released 3.0.0
>
> \- Need to review 3.0.1 board priorities

1\. Release last week

1\. iviewer

1\. Reviewing UI - Will: prototyping in Photoshop

\- Consistency between apps figure, webclient, iViewer

1\. new website

> \- Working on Content for few remaining pages
>
> \- Explore OME in Action page to link to Demos etc.
>
> \- Developers getting started page needs content

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- 5.3.1 upgrade of nightshade

\- GPFS -linked machine with VM for ansible

\- Ports issue - limited ports for connecting to external
machines/servers

\- JM: mtools release for OMERO 5.3.x

\-

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

\- webinar prep (tomorrow)

\- oir etc.

\- Emil & Melissa here for Users meeting

1\. User meeting update

1\. Analysis - Josh

\- Analysis POTN board

\- 2 or 3 workshops might include analysis work

\- Biological tasks - few examples, more suggestions welcome

\- Jason: analysis tools make for nice demos for other events /
workshops & useful for testing etc.

\- Josh: getting metadata into IDR so that it’s useful/accessible to
other tools. Where to store metadata in what format. Jason: and
generating it as automatically as possible.

\- Jason: need to put names to workshops. Probably after standup later
this week:
[<u>https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/meetings/12th-annual-users-meeting-2017/</u>](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/meetings/12th-annual-users-meeting-2017/)

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

1\. Josh: upcoming "proposals" (queues & tiles)

\- Help users/satellites to solve hard problems

\- OSARs scheduled for after users’ meeting, in June.

Petr:

\- New role demo, “administrators with restricted privileges”, or “Light
Admins”

\- Rationale:

> \- super-users, acting for other users, e.g. “Analyst”, “Importer”,
>
> \- Not group-specific, but need to access data from many groups
>
> \- BUT, not ‘Full Admins’ of the server. Limited privileges.
>
> \- Balance to provide enough power, but not too much

\- Webadmin UI:

> \- create/edit user form has link to “administrator privileges” docs
>
> \- Docs has table of permissions required for various use-cases
>
> \- e.g. “Manager” / facility manager includes Sudo, Chgrp, Chown,
> Create/Edit groups/users.
>
> \- In general aim to prevent accidental damage/delete etc

\- Demo of workflow of “Manager” role

> \- Light-Admin cannot edit their own Privileges
>
> \- Create Groups & Users
>
> \- When Light-Admin creates users, should only be able to create
> regular users (not admins OR light-admins).
>
> \- Josh: client UI and server should allow same! (don’t make client
> more restrictive)
>
> \- bin/omero --sudo manager -u newbie -g othergroup login \# Manager
> login as newbie
>
> \- Can then create Dataset as newbie, import as newbie etc.
>
> \- In webclient UI (not sudo) use chgrp permission to Move to new
> group.
>
> \- Bug: try to add comment in read-only group not disabled in
> webclient
>
> \- CLI chown to new user.
>
> \- Bug: thumbnail creation for non-owner in new group in webclient UI?
>
> \- Bug: CLI insists that user must be in target group to chgrp
> (webclient doesn’t)
>
> \- Insight ‘import as’ doesn’t show all groups
>
> \- Jason: important to remember (remind users) who you are logged in
> as.
>
> \- Josh: e.g. sudo in webclient - show prominent indicator. Jason ‘red
> and bold!’
>
> \- Jason: nice demo, thanks!
