---
title: 2017-08-01
---

**1st August**

Dundee: Will, Kenny, Roger, Simone, Jean-Marie, Petr, Balaji, June,
Simon,

Remote: Eleanor, Liza, Melissa, David

&gt; \*\*Remember: Agenda must be complete (with estimated times) on the
day before the meeting. Any additions after that must go at the bottom
(AOCB)\*\*

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-07-25-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0)

\- Simone: rebasing metadata PRs. Metamorph & Flex reader.

\- Started looking at code generation for pybind11

> \- David: m1 released, working on m2

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata)

\- Simon: looking at PostgreSQL deadlock

\- Eleanor: Testing on friday - no issue with “reset” issue. Will test
again this week and should be good to release on Monday when Josh is
back.

\- Balaji: Notebook progress. Most functionality complete (no PRs yet).

> \- Adding dependencies via notebook, not added to Docker image yet.

1\. \[OMERO 5.4.0\](https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540)

\- Petr: More testing revealed performance issue with concurrency

> \- chGroup of e.g. 14k ROIs on plate. \~ 100% worse
>
> \- Concurrent tasks e.g. import is slower than 5.3 (although single
> import is actually faster).
>
> \- PRs opened for remaining UI issues (Will)
>
> \- Petr: off soon - others will need to run scripts to test
> performance
>
> \- IDR issue: performance issue deleting of map annotations linked to
> hundreds of images. Client deletes links & server tests if orphaned
> before deleting map-ann.

1\. \[Outreach\](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

\- Dusseldorf workshop last week in August

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure & iViewer

> \- Harald progress on ROI measurements - PRs soon.

1\. new website ()

\- Small fixes this week. Start meetings again next week.

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- Kenny: QA(2). PRs opened on Friday for potential fix, merged this
morning.

> \- Testing tomorrow. Will redeploy tomorrow if looking good.

\- ci for 5.4.0, Playbooks for CentOS 6

1\. Glencoe Update: Liza

\- Aug 7 Pathviewer release

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

\- Roger: Ice 3.7 support?

\- JM: Not for 5.4.x. Some major changes.

\- Java 8 only (Matlab needs 1.7)

\- Mac users. “brew freeze” to stick with current Ice version

\- Also, Python 2 -&gt; 3 migration will be needed sometime
