---
title: 2017-08-08
---

**15th August**

Dundee: Petr, Kenny, Roger, J-m, Helen, Jason, Dom, June, Simon, Simone,
Balaji, Riad

Remote: Josh, Wilma, Melissa, Eleanor, Chris, Liza, David

&gt; \*\*Remember: Agenda must be complete (with estimated times) on the
day before the meeting. Any additions after that must go at the bottom
(AOCB)\*\*

\-

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www-legacy.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-08-01-tuesday-team-meeting/)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0)

\- Bio-Formats 5.6.0:

\- milestone m2: code changes integrated, artifacts built

\- pushed out of m2 imagej slice label extension still requires
decisions

\- still targeting next week for the release of 5.6.0

\- OME Files

\- OME Files Python bindings now using pybind11 to wrap C++ code

\- benchmark: investigation of performance issues when writing tiles on
Java

1\.
\[Metadata\]([<u>https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata</u>](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata))
(Eleanor)

\- prod42 went out today (after all the heroics over the last weeks)

\- Updating to OMERO 5.3 and adding all cell lines

\- prod43 in planning. Largely bug fixes.

\- as well as splitting idr0016

\- Larger ROI/folders target.

\- J-m: design info probably still in gdocs.

\- Balaji: currently using idr-next but will need to update to idr.o.org

\- Using new repository for library methods

\- J-m made it pip installable

\- Need to also make code portable to Py3

\- IDR paper is now openly available/indexed (took some work)

1\. \[OMERO 5.4.0\](https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540)

\- J-m: bug fixing & Petr testing for Mark’s return

\- Targeting m3 tomorrow (some small changes in release)

\- Another milestone the following week.

\- Freeze? 1 DB change coming, but for other fixes? Depends on size of
fix.

\- J-m: need to consider the ReverseIntensity renaming.

\- Keep an eye out for any travis repos that are having trouble.

\- JRS: still deciding on what’s going in?

\- Concurrency need Mark’s review

\- Otherwise, light admin seems stable

\- web UI PRs done

\- one small insight issue that Dom should be able to fix.

1\. \[Outreach\](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

\- Stephanie/Düsseldorf off at the moment; Petr to visit 30th Aug.

\- Cambridge workshop (Dec.) discussed; start targeting after 5.4

\- JRS invited to talk at ASCB & Neubias (Feb/2018)

\- Simon going to BigData @ EBI

\- Seeing is Believing @ EMBL

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Plugins (J-m)

\- fpbioimage 0.2.0 released

\- Ongoing work on iviewer

1\. new website (Liza)

\- Weekly meeting on Monday to review/triage issues. Working on cleanup
post deployment (redirects, docs, styles)

\- Issues with legacy documentation URLs (breadcrumbs, www-legacy URL).
Proposal to redirect all site/support URLs to the corresponding
docs.openmicroscopy.org this week when possible (incl. OMERO 5.1+ and
Bio-Formats 5.3+)

\- Chris: discussed impact of www-legacy on Google search results, etc.
Plan now on trello card. Deprecate and remove (with redirects)
www-legacy ASAP.

\- JRS: several compliments

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- QA upload issue with proxying fixed last week

\- Looking to use Roger’s CI’s work on bare metal

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

\- Making progress (UI/infrastructure) on analysis front

\- Using microservices in anger on demo systems

\- requesting thumbnails & tiles

\- working on omero-ms-pixelbuffer directly from the filesystem
(mini-OMERO servers)

\- perhaps time to push some of the APIs down

\- J-m: cF. various needs of the 3D viewer

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

\- Bye, Simone!
