**11th July**

Dundee: Mark, Dom, Petr, Kenny, Simone, June, Jason, Simon, Balaji

Remote: Seb, Josh, Chris, Eleanor, Emil, Melissa, David, Liza

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-07-04-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- Ramping up on 5.6.0 including some work on the ImageJ plugin

\- Upcoming discussions on the codec decoupling

\- Sphinx style (see website below) is now applied to model &
Bio-Formats ( & OMERO) documentation.

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

\- prod42 testing & going live

\- still bugs. Trying to prevent server from timeouts. Preloading

\- should have a round of testing in the next few days

\- still plates with data-level issues (reader?)

\- still deciding whether we are confident with the code (IDR on OMERO
5.3). No strong concerns about perform

\- prod43 general plan.

\- new board (IDR 0.4.3). Mostly working on existing metadata in the
system. Adding ROIs when we have them

\- unclear whether new BBBC dataset will be in

\- try to release in the next 3 weeks

\- datasets (sysgro, mitocheck, tara, rohban, secretion). Example
scripts for parsing ROIs.

1\. \[OMERO 5.4.0\](https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540)

\- Discussing cards this Thursday morning, especially Inbox. Need to get
in good shape for final push with Jean-Marie and Will back next month.
If not already noted then please do note or prepare to discuss any cards
where:

\- it's clear it \*should\* be in 5.4.0 or some prior milestone

\- it's clear it can be pushed beyond 5.4.0 and is unlikely not to be

\- it's not clear what it's about or who would do what, when.

\- Mark: now adjusting CLI plugins' is-admin checks for restricted
admins while Dom looks at more client fixes

\- Mark: plan to cut m2 at end of this week

\- Dom working on a few client issues

\- Josh: biggest risk?

\- Some web TODOs which aren’t a big problem but will be starting quite
late.

\- Performance may still be an issue, but looks largely ok. (Primarily
during adding new users & groups)

\- trying to merge other (read-only) work from IDR?

\- IDR included first read-only branch. Testing difficult at best,
requires knowledge about the deployment. Would not be something one
would rebase in its current state.

\- Infrastructure work (bring CI to CentOS 7)

\- Simon: PG version? targeting 9.4 as minimum.

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

-   Cytohack - email summary. Jason: computational resources were
    > largely people’s laptops. Few people apart from us showed up with
    > infrastructure.

    -   Introduction about IDR/OME less about deep learning than with
        > general image processing

-   Abstracts to BigData meetings in Sep/Oct sending tomorrow

    -   QBI/Göttingen - Jan 2017- overlap with UK MMC meeting where
        > Jason presents. Need volunteer.

-   Not doing full IDR workshop at Bangalore

-   NEUBIAS Goteborg end of September: Josh attending

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure & iViewer

\- Compatibility testing with 5.4.0. One problem where light admin is
exporting figure without right data permissions

\- Minor issues in iViewer like why do I need WRITE when deleting a ROI.

> \- Balaji: representativity of scenario where light admins are working
> on figures as they are doing things for others. Petr: crash happens
> when working on other’s data.

1\. new website (Seb/Liza)

\- Approaching content/style freeze.

\- Deployment work is underway. No longer hosted on GitHub.

\- Top-level menu is “News” not “Community” but omits “/news/” from
URLs.

\- Going live for the 19th of July

\- Old web page is available at
[<u>http://www-legacy.openmicroscopy.org</u>](http://www-legacy.openmicroscopy.org)

\- Click testing as soon as Friday.

\- Liza: tablet testing would be welcome

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- JRS: where will the website run? Currently on LSC VM; will be on our
own.

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

\- Working on microservices & file-formats at the moment.

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

\- new hire
