---
title: 2017-03-07
---

**7th March**

Dundee: Will, Petr, Kenny, Mark, Dominik, Helen, June, Jason, Simone,
Ola, Balaji,

Remote: Jean-Marie, Eleanor, Wilma, Josh, Liza, David, Seb, Roger,
Melissa, Andreas

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-02-28-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-3-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- Really close to re-submitting paper.

\- BF chat wrt OMERO/IDR.

\- BF 5.3.5 evolving to 5.4.0 (no breaking changes)

\- Meeting to discuss what’s in/out

\- oir format support

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

\- Imports ongoing in new cloud

> \- Hopefully done by tomorrow
>
> \- then fix rendering settings & annotations
>
> \- out by Wednesday deadline

\- Production on new “veggie” cloud as well. Ongoing \`adhoc\` migration

> \- DNS switch / migration Went well
>
> \- Eleanor: Update numbers/counts in paper to include new datasets

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.0\](https://trello.com/b/FoyfXCaf/omero-5-3-0)

\- m9 Testing: report

> \- Petr: SPW in Insight bugs just found
>
> \- Balaji: Thumbnail caching & rendering setting issues in SPW layout
> (Insight & web)
>
> \- e.g. Copy, Paste & Save of rdefs
>
> \- Adding bugs to trello cards - done by end of today

\- Ola/Will looking at \[centre
panel\](https://trello.com/c/rjvcPeUH/300-breaking-omero-web-unnecessarily)
so we do not break dev relying on its previous implementations cf

> \- Ola: ‘framework’ - list of plugins that can be used outside of
> webclient
>
> \- New functionality to be added to plugins once stabilised
>
> \- Will: need working examples (tests) of plugins running outside of
> webclient

\- Targeting thumbnails work (from IDR) for 5.3.0

\- doc ongoing

\- FYI: daily board review post standup

> \- Release 5.2.8 at same time as 5.3.0

1\. \[Outreach\](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

\-
\[Eastbio\]([<u>https://trello.com/c/1K7AjScE/162-eastbio-imaging-masterclass-13-03</u>](https://trello.com/c/1K7AjScE/162-eastbio-imaging-masterclass-13-03))

\-
\[Janelia\]([<u>https://trello.com/c/Z6LQlmH8/147-frontiers-in-imaging-science-janelia-02-05-04-2017</u>](https://trello.com/c/Z6LQlmH8/147-frontiers-in-imaging-science-janelia-02-05-04-2017))

\- Josh going, visiting others on same trip?

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure - ROIs from OMERO - few TODOs

1\. Iviewer - focus on permission testing, ROIs etc.

1\. Smuggler (Josh)

> \- discussed with Andreas. Getting his changes into mainline.
>
> \- Long running sessions, import queue etc. Web import!

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- Cloudflare (Josh)

> \- card on new board - secvuln
>
> \- 2FA and don’t reuse passwords

\- OpenStack space (Josh)

> \- More space available - just ask

\- sysadmin-2017-03 (Kenny)

> \- easier for team to see upcoming cards (instead of filtering)
>
> \- Team to continue to add cards to main sysadmin board
>
> \- nightshade: exploring options

\- lifesci mail server (Kenny)

> \- Some issues / unreliable. May not be getting mail.
>
> \- Move to using dundee.ac.uk accounts

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

> \- Readonly server is running.
>
> \- Will be merged into mainline in due course

1\. User meeting update

\- Draft programme up on website with invited speakers

> \- Douglas to speak about BD2K and AWS

\- registration open to externals

\- workshop programme still TBD - several external workshops

> \-

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

\- Welcome back Liza

\- Be careful of phishing e-mails etc
