---
title: 2017-09-26_
---

Dundee: Petr, Will, Mark, Roger, Helen, June, Dominik, Kenny, J-M,
Balaji, Riad,

Remote: Josh, Wilma, Liza, Chris, David, Melissa, Andreas

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B3zinUGCtInzr70hUql9Q22KBqSjudIH4W3qBXl5Qug/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Timelines
--------------------

(2-3 minutes each)

###  A. Spaces

-   [<u>Files/Formats</u>](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)

    -   Josh: note bfstandup items - to be looked at today/tomorrow

    -   David: 5.7.1 release.

    -   BDV reader progress. Discuss tomorrow’s meeting - decisions
        > needed

-   [<u>Metadata</u>](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

    -   General server status - turning old systems off.

        -   Prod42 backup kept

        -   Spin up Prod44 next week

        -   Start importing Light-sheet data - release \~ 2-3 weeks
            > later

        -   Iviewer activated on IDR

        -   Activate OMERO.figure?

    -   Datasets

    -   ROIs!

        -   Fixes for masks (from Glencoe)

        -   Results from cyto-hack deep learning analysis.

    -   Modulo, multi-view reconstruction (SPIM etc) and ROI folders not
        > supported in web clients

-   [<u>OMERO 5.4.0</u>](https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540)

    -   Propose delay 5.3.5 release

    -   Last few PRs for 5.4.0 - m4 build tonight & testing tomorrow

    -   Josh: Docs - change of CLI sysadmin docs. URLs need updating?
        > Too late?

        -   sysadmin/ - installer vv user-manager or system-admins vv
            > omero-admins

        -   Don’t want to break URLs in minor release (but can use
            > re-directs)

    -   JM: breaking up tests to improve reliability

-   [<u>Outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

    -   Hinxton Big Data now.

    -   Heidelberg

###  B. Other releases/upgrades:

-   Figure

    -   Will: support big images. Didn’t want to write yet another
        > viewer

        -   Trying to just render region what’s in view-port as a single
            > tile/region

        -   On panning, 10pix shift leads to another request

        -   Ready for first tests.

    -   Chris: few specific questions from HMS, et al.

    -   Josh: performance with multiple users. Also iviewer.

    -   Chris: need reference images for benchmarking.

    -   Will: new urls for rendering added to figure - probably should
        > move to webgateway

-   iViewer

    -   0.3.0 released. Doesn’t need OMERO 5.4

    -   Next release will need 5.4. Features e.g. rendering

    -   Want to get to 1.0.0 release before Cambridge workshop

    -   Early progress on multiple-viewports

-   New website

    -   Few small nit-picks and release announcements

    -   Addition of social media pages open for review

    -   Suggestions for priority for next work?

-   Sysadmin

    -   Kenny: new audio kit started arriving.

    -   Josh: testing resources

        -   Need benchmarking systems

        -   Use flounder (old demo system) “petr.openmicroscopy.org”!

        -   Production system for developers to use/test

        -   Same Ansible playbooks as nightshade? Or use IDR playbooks??

        -   Hopefully spin up box this week.

###  C. Glencoe Update (Chris)

-   Integrations with other projects: e.g. CellProfiler. Java code
    > updates.

-   We need to do better job providing for external devs - dependencies
    > & builds / maven

-   BF not too bad, OMERO needs improving. Mostly better docs?

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

-   Josh: Team training

    -   Suggestions in
        > [<u>gdoc</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xj6iWUbfeS4JC9lw8pQV1FG_BSjExplfOgWYLvFAZcE/edit)

    -   Jason “doing well but…”

    -   Mark: need consolidation time, so not all in one week.

    -   Josh: main deliverable this year is Cambridge workshop

    -   Riad: wiki for organizing (Josh: cF. just use ome-internal)

    -   Will: make it as public as possible. Good to be able to google
        > it.

    -   Chris: wiki’s have previously become impenetrable beasts.
        > (Kenny: \`git grep\`)

    -   Balaji: what level of detail? J-M: for some topics, starting
        > point like a workshop

        -   Mark: running playbooks vs. writing playbooks
