**18th July**

Dundee: Petr, Kenny, Mark, June, Balaji, Simon, Roger, Simone

Remote: Seb, Eleanor, Wilma, Liza, Melissa, David, Chris, Emil

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\]([<u>https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-07-11-tuesday-team-meeting</u>](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-07-11-tuesday-team-meeting))

\- accepted

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces - 14:00 UK

1\.
\[Files/Formats\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x</u>](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x))/\[OME
Files\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0</u>](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0))
(Seb)

\- merged Roger's codecs decoupling

\- m1 milestone targeted for Thursday, website permitting

\- Bio-Formats 5.6.0-m2 content to be determined in tomorrow's formats
meeting

1\.
\[Metadata\]([<u>https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata</u>](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata))
(Simon)

\- round of IDR testing, some issues

\- restarting OMERO may have helped

\- Eleanor: possibly memory leak

\- need better testing infrastructure for UI side of OMERO.web

\- Kenny: robot?

\- Balaji: not as good for functional testing, e.g., correctly rendered
thumbnails

\- bugs on the Formats side, fixed by rebasing some PRs

\- Eleanor: currently working on splitting a dataset into two, few more
coming

1\. \[OMERO
5.4.0\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540</u>](https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540))
(Mark)

\- \[OMERO
5.4.0-m2\]([<u>https://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/omero/5.4.0-m2/</u>](https://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/omero/5.4.0-m2/))
released

\- internal mostly

\- Mark: working on light admin checks in CLI

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

\- NEUBIAS, tagathon, big data, etc.

1\. Other releases/upgrades - 14:05 UK

1\. Figure & iViewer

1\. new website (Seb)

\- many people involved in testing over the past week

\- integration and deployment, looks like it should be able to go live
tomorrow

\- some volume manager issue still outstanding, but non-blocking

\- using ansible roles adapted from prior IDR work

\- further testing this afternoon, everybody welcome

\- then more testing after tomorrow's deployment

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- Planning an at-risk for OpenStack while a new server is installed in
same chassis/adjacent slots. (Will confirm date/time via Standup.)

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris) - 14:10 UK

-   Micro-services: finishing rendering. Open against the open-source.
    > Need more work for 5.3 or 5.4

    -   Seb: feedback or 5.4.0 candidate? Chris: goal is to make
        > rendering abilities more seamless. One of a series of changes.

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled) - 14:12 UK

Done 14:13 UK
