---
title: 2017-04-23
---

**23rd May**

Dundee: Will, Petr, Mark, Dominik, Simon, Roger, Simone, June, Balaji,
Jean-Marie,

Remote: Sebastien, Josh, Helen, Liza, Wilma, Melissa, David, Jason,
Andreas, Eleanor, Emil

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-05-16-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

> \- Intermediate releases this week. Bug fixes etc. Release on Thursday
>
> \- First part of tiling work in C++, Tag m1. Test in Java, C++

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

> \- Discussion of dataset update policy

1\. \[OMERO
5.3.3\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/iMLTpTt4/omero-5-3-3</u>](https://trello.com/b/iMLTpTt4/omero-5-3-3))

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

> \- OMERO.figure training tomorrow, NSW lab 12.00, Petr & Will.
>
> \- “Seeing is believing” in June.

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

1\. Iviewer

> \- First 0.1.0 release on Thursday. Docs & video prep.
>
> \- Webtagging release - missed package.json
>
> \- FPBioimage 3D viewer - new OMERO.web app.

1\. new website

\- Final tidying of images etc, OMERO product sub-pages

\- Developers getting started not yet filled out. Placeholder/github
links for now.

\- Ready to show live site next week.

\- Jason: happy to help - lets discuss.

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

> \- Will: nightshade looking good & fast

1\. Status of upgrade to demo & jenkins

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

\- Populate metadata - 5.3.

\- Bio-Formats & object stores.

1\. User meeting update

1\. Workshop walk-throughs, Wed 12.30 & Fri this week.

1\. Networking: see trello - needs testing. Proxy needed for minke?

1\. Jupyter: Josh: Production IDR vv minke confusion for users?

> \- Can’t save notebooks in place. Need to copy elsewhere.
>
> \- Balaji, use read-annotate group.
>
> \- Josh need 2 x 2 matrix of production/read-annotate servers
>
> \- Will/Petr: Do we need read-only production IDR?
>
> \- Jason: delegates should be able to understand?
>
> \- June: 12 lightning talks, to be loaded up on the day? Jason: yes.

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)
