Dundee: Will, Petr, Roger, Dominik, Simon, Helen, Balaji, Mark, Riad,
Jason, Andrea,

Remote: Sebastien, Jean-Marie, Josh, Wilma, Melissa, David, Liza,
Eleanor, Emil

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xRsUzusK3QUKg99JMUpnoTeYYcqWVDFPyo70uYa_4lE/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Timelines
--------------------

(2-3 minutes each)

###  A. Spaces

-   [<u>Files/Formats</u>](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)

    -   Unidata server changes - breaks build. First round of fixes
        > worked. More rounds of fixes needed. Only affects those
        > building with ant (not maven)

    -   Model documentation CI adjustments - Update to latest version of
        > Sphinx

    -   Upcoming Dresden meeting - December. Java community IJ, Knime
        > etc. BDV format discussion.

    -   PR review/cleanup across format repositories

-   [<u>Metadata</u>](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata)

    -   Upcoming training (IDR training at EBI 23rd Nov). See \#training

    -   Licensing updates. Authors of IDR data. Most cc by. See
        > idr-submissions list.

    -   One dataset ready IDR-38 (Light-sheet); few getting close. See
        > idr-project board.

-   [<u>OMERO 5.4.1</u>](https://trello.com/b/cpSTs9QZ/omero-541)

    -   Board needs to be cleaned up. Try to keep “essential” card

        -   Release date will need to be discussed

        -   5.4.1 probably after Cambridge training.

    -   Will: thumbnail caching may be a major (pre-training) blocker:  
        > [<u>https://trello.com/c/2fQFE3Lb/99-bug-thumbnail-caching</u>](https://trello.com/c/2fQFE3Lb/99-bug-thumbnail-caching)

    -   Simon: try to avoid a pre-holidays release

    -   Josh: might consider a milestone release if needed

-   [<u>Outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

    -   Will:
        > [<u>SMG</u>](https://trello.com/c/jDcjRm1t/188-scottish-microscopy-group-meeting-nov-22-beatson-institute-glasgow)
        > next week

    -   Balaji: Cambridge 33 registered for 1st day. 21 for day 2.

    -   20 registered for Eleanor’s Jupyter notebook IDR training

    -   Misc training discussions: upcoming NEUBIAS meeting, tagathon
        > and training sessions.

    -   GBI hackathon in April/May (TBD)

        -   Also: Okinawa, Bangalore, Sydney

    -   JRS: Upcoming IDR presentations at Cambridge & ASCB

###  B. Other releases/upgrades:

-   Figure

    -   Workshop at SMS next week

-   iViewer

    -   board with cards considered for [<u>iviewer
        > 1.0</u>](https://trello.com/b/n0uYFFOB/iviewer-10) (date to be
        > confirmed but before end of year)

-   Website

    -   Hosting of training materials

    -   Forum posts re: docs. Relationship between website and docs.
        > Content / styling.

    -   Naming, de-wiki-fication

    -   Balaji: proper doc review (point-by-point)

-   Sysadmin

    -   Web deployments with public users needing periodic restart (too
        > many threads)

    -   [<u>https://trello.com/c/DC5CB4Ty/106-bug-omeroweb-processes-threads</u>](https://trello.com/c/DC5CB4Ty/106-bug-omeroweb-processes-threads)

###  C. Glencoe Update (Chris)

-   BF: OIR discussion with Olympus. Needs testing against entire suite.

-   omero-ms : working with masks. First pass almost done. Will open
    > design issue for proposals.

3. AOB
------

-   [<u>Proposal for the removal of Java 7
    > support</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L_aSP1B0TNTny75Xvua6DPLLOt68jnJTF8GEHj1y4Ug/edit)
    > (Roger)

    -   Please add feedback / comments to doc by end of November

4. Upcoming Epics and teams
---------------------------

-   History - CVS -&gt; SVN -&gt; private Git -&gt; Public Git -&gt;
    > Github -&gt; Snoopy -&gt; Devspace

-   Problem: size & complexity of software stack, big problems, complex
    > decisions etc.

-   Horizontal teams -&gt; Vertical teams

-   Gatekeeping: conflict between deadlines and good open-source
    > commits.

-   Now:

    -   Cambridge December training

    -   IDR prod44 release (datasets and notebooks)

-   Next:

    -   Upcoming IDR Datasets

    -   ROIs & features

-   Gatekeeping:

    -   Training materials -&gt; public

    -   IDR submission knowledge transfer

    -   Coordination between Now/Next priorities

-   Adjustments:

    -   Standup template - No PRs?

    -   Trello boards - by component instead of release version? Use
        > github issues?

-   WM: main todo till Cambridge? Probably not code focused

    -   JM: heavy preparation that is not strictly code. Get material
        > ready, testing burden

    -   Balaji: apart from server/infrastructure, also things to be done
        > in terms of users expectations

    -   WM: can’t filter by tags in webclient. Priority? JM: depends on
        > the criticality of the issue.

    -   SL: pb of webclient coupled to the server at the moment. JM: can
        > schedule a milestone release if needed.

    -   JRS: puts the now team in charge of making these decisions
        > responding to the training or community needs.

    -   @@JAM: put slides publicly

-   Petr: where are the PRs????

    -   JRS: create sections for now/next in tomorrow’s standup

    -   Roger/Riad: use feature branches as a way to solve this problem?

-   Balaji: what about adjusting for the annual leave with this
    > construction

    -   JAM: existence of team deadlines should allow people to raise
        > flags early

-   Balaji: how to prevent divergence in the near-future?

    -   JAM: define the responsibilities for merging/rebasing.
        > Management cost associated to keeping 2 lines synchronized.

    -   Idea of keeping 5.4 stable included. Idea: try to keep test
        > server running as long as possible - prevent server
        > redeployment as habit to try and stabilize development
        > efforts.

-   Petr: teams established? JAM: teams thought through with epics
    > coming up.

    -   JRS: open proposal. Open for comments/feedback.

-   MTC: discouraged to take random PRs to focus on teamwork?

    -   Josh: separation between functional testing and code review. At
        > some point some feature branch will need a review across the
        > board.

    -   Encourage discussing an issue i.e. design issues

-   Balaji: no UI/usability in Next.

    -   JAM: motivated by upcoming Cambridge training. Trade off made
        > initially for the upcoming month. Discussion of the
        > constitution might need to happen again in 2018 incl. changes
        > of priorities.

    -   JRS: hiring

-   JRS: cF. team organization during FS, permissions, ...
