---
title: 2017-10-17
---

Dundee: Will, Petr, Kenny, Simon, Helen, Balaji, Mark, Dominik, Jason,
June, Roger, Riad,

Remote: Sebastien, Liza, Eleanor, Wilma, Emil, Andreas

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11Qb4jyjr3uDFYLot5iFeAa63lRghNtdxFPik56azU-A/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Timelines
--------------------

(2-3 minutes each)

###  A. Spaces

-   [<u>Files/Formats</u>](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)

    -   Priority is now training material preparation

    -   No releases planned

    -   FLIM-FRET data received by IDR - old ome.tifs (2008 schema)

-   [<u>Metadata</u>](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata)

    -   FLIM-FRET dataset had problems - v. old ome.tifs open in ImageJ.

        -   Imported OK but time dimension lost.

        -   From LAvision software

    -   Other submissions ongoing

        -   Light-sheet data imported and annotated.

        -   Nearly ready to create DOI

    -   Met with Cambridge data manager - proposed to submit Zebrafish &
        > in-situ data.

    -   Balaji: Simon’s PR checks status of all notebooks.

        -   Few found to be broken. Will be moved out of IDR-notebooks
            > or fixed

        -   Feature calculation prototype. Now using restricted feature
            > space calculation.

        -   Linking to GO ontology.

    -   Jason: external interest in setting up own ‘IDR’ instances.

        -   Need to work on versioning - ensure this is working for
            > external users

-   [<u>OMERO 5.4.1</u>](https://trello.com/b/cpSTs9QZ/omero-541)

    -   Quieter now. Backlog of a few PRs

        -   Fixing tests

    -   Big Chown data on nightshade: Can be halted by Script Jobs.

-   [<u>Outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

    -   Remember to register for the GRE Symposium this week if you want
        > to go.

    -   Jason & Simon going. Simon doing talk on IDR. Also IDR poster.

###  B. Other releases/upgrades:

-   Figure - Big Images PR in progress.

-   iViewer

-   New website

    -   Small fixes only.

    -   Training prep - looking at future hosting of training materials

-   Sysadmin

    -   Nightshade upgraded to 5.4.0.

    -   Certificate upgrade in few days time - not disruptive.

        -   Not scheduled. May use Ansible to automate

-   Jason: GIS Dolphin tracking - south atlantic research institute.

    -   Falklands image PixelData OOM: server problem?

    -   Kenny: not specifically - possibly file or pyramid generation
        > issue.l

###  C. Glencoe Update (Chris)

-   More microservices work.

-   OMERO 5.3.x image-region microservice.

-   PR - new service for Lookup-Tables. Better performance, caching etc.

-   In prep - PR for thread usage in servers using many cores to improve
    > handling of images with many channels. Implement core thread pool
    > for rendering engine.

    -   Jason: would be relevant for the imaging mass spec images in IDR

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
