---
title: 2017-06-13
---

**13th June**

Dundee: Will, Petr, Dominik, Mark, Simon, Jean-Marie, Kenny, Balaji,
Roger, June,

Remote: Sebastien, Josh, Eleanor, Liza, Andreas, Wilma, David, Melissa,

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-06-06-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

> \- BF - feature freeze review everything
>
> \- 5.5.2 release soon
>
> \- Files - Most of tiling code done
>
> \- Needs some validation, working with no performance issues
>
> \- 0.4.0 release with this
>
> \- Tiling benchmarks good progress, extensible, reusable
>
> \- CMSO - talk preparation for Essen next week
>
> \- Will try to setup zoom

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

Releases driven by cytohack:

\- 0.4.0 ASAP: cell lines, OMERO 5.3. Generating bfmemos, mapr metadata
to update

\- 0.4.1 SOON: read-only & other scaling features

> \- Try to support 2x number of users at POTN
>
> \- Google wanting to download - sent disk instead
>
> \- Discussing team breakdown for cytohack
>
> \- Balaji working on Proteosome analysis notebook

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.3\](https://trello.com/b/iMLTpTt4/omero-533) (J-M)

\- Release next week. Last one before "new roles" becomes develop

\- Mark: once \`v5.3.3\` is tagged I'll merge it into the \`roles\`
branch

\- Then weâ€™ll start using devspace if any more 5.3.x are needed

\- Open PR before EOB Thursday

\- Provisionally created a
\[5.3.4\](https://trello.com/b/UYn6ECWz/omero-534) board. This might be
merged with \[5.4.0\](https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540) board

\- Server no-longer building on Java9 (release end of september).
Open-ssl 1.1.0 debian issue.

> \- Ice 3.7 to be released soon

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

> \- Few submission deadlines coming up
>
> \- Josh: open data science in London, worth going. Oct 13th/14th
>
> \- Neubias meetings July & September. Josh probably going.
>
> \-

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

\- Release scheduled for next week, depending on progress/other releases

1\. iviewer

\- Release scheduled for next week

Josh: when is iviewer 1.0?

JM: when we can do ROI measurement stats / pixel data

JM: we already encourage users to use it,

1\. new website (Liza)

\- Trello card triage

\- Docs styling just now

\- Downloads page - do we need to show sha1?

\- Mark - need to be accessible

\- Seb - Need artifacts API - JSON available on each downloads page

\- Sha1 could be moved to different part of page

\- Simon - do we really need them? Roger: needed to validate download

\- Seb: will need more devs working on website to complete

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- Demo server redeployment on same VMware platform as nightshade

\- Deployed with rel and ansible.

\- Users ported over but passwords need resetting

\- Will need to check firewall before e-mailing users.

\- Release on-track for today.

1\. Glencoe Update

\- Chris and Emil at Highwire meeting in London

\- Continuing work on pathviewer

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

1\. Dundee: could mostly work from home over next Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday?

\- work on power and cooling in Discovery Centre

1\. POTN feedback (Thanks to Gabriella)

\- Only 14 responces - will try to get this to the team.
