**27th June**

Dundee: Will, Kenny, Jean-Marie, Petr, Mark, Dominik, June, Balaji,
Helen, Simone, Roger, Chris,

Remote: Melissa, Wilma, Liza, Sebastien, Emil, David, Eleanor, Jason,

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-06-20-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

> \- Last patch release of 5.5.x (5.5.3) in preparation
>
> \- Then work on next set of architectural changes
>
> \- Tiling benchmark progress. Low level tiff - strips vv tiles.
>
> \- Complete over next couple of weeks. C++ and Java
>
> \- OME files 0.4.0 out soon with tiled OME-TIFF support.
>
> \- Ilastik group contact - io level C++ for use in Python.

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Eleanor)

\- Eleanor: Josh & Simon been preppring Read-Only server for cytohack

\- Balaji working on notebook for querying genes etc

\- Eleanor prepping workshop

\- Looking at Tara annotations Plate -&gt; Wells

\- Bio-studies: csv templates for uploading / annotating generic image
annotations

> \- PAGE-TAB

\- JM: OMERO.forms useful? Eleanor: probably not since they have
established workflow already

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.3\](https://trello.com/b/iMLTpTt4/omero-533) (J-M)

1\. 5.3.3 out today

> \- Develop will include Roles work (5.4.0) after release.
>
> \- Docs - 5.4.0 PR already open

1\. \[Outreach\](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

1\. Cytohack

1\. End of summer - internal workshop on webclient etc.

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

1\. 3.1.0 to be released tomorrow

1\. iviewer

1\. 0.2.0 to be released tomorrow

1\. \[new website\](https://trello.com/b/6W7nuoE8/website-020)

1\. "Volunteers" will be needed to migrate some news posts \[Trello
card\]([<u>https://trello.com/c/aTdBNblP/18-news-migration</u>](https://trello.com/c/aTdBNblP/18-news-migration))

> 1\. Styling work - PR opened for docs, currently ome-internal but
> later will be all docs.

1\. Everybody to do 4 news items each. See PR on card as an example.

1\. Update from smuggler/now moving to
\[omero-ms-queue\](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/omero-ms-queue)

1\. \[Release
v1.1.0-beta\]([<u>https://github.com/c0c0n3/ome-smuggler/issues/11</u>](https://github.com/c0c0n3/ome-smuggler/issues/11))

1\. Next: further tidy up and breaking up / refactor.

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

> \- Been monitoring number of sessions and unique users for demo server
> and nightshade.
>
> \- Will start planning deployment of new website.

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

> \- Trying to get out microservices. Thumbnailing & tiles
>
> \- Performance analysis.
>
> \- Rendering engine performance improvements - work in progress
>
> \- Unit tests for OMERO.web tile rendering arguments. E.g. compression
> settings.
>
> \- Also need to improve docs for tile rendering
>
> \- Next: Bioformats startup times.

1\. Summer plan

\- Next target/deadline: Global bioImagin 15-16/09/2017
http://www.eurobioimaging.eu/content-page/exchange-experience-ii

> \- Another stop for IDR roadshow: IDR 0.5.0
>
> \- What do we want to show?
>
> \- Release/deployment plan:
>
> \- OME Files Java -&gt; BF 5.6.0 -&gt; OMERO 5.4.0 -&gt; IDR 0.5.0
>
> \- OME Files Java/BF 5.6.0 15/08
>
> \- OMERO 5.4.0 31/08
>
> \- Post summer: 5.x series
>
> \- Moving towards Zero API breakage
>
> \- What does it mean:
>
> \- Stable for next 18-24 months
>
> \- Move towards “release by deliverable” E.g. next is Cambridge
> Training
>
> \- Adjusting our coding/work practise
>
> \- More version to code/test against
>
> \- Why? “Monolithic OMERO” is “Deprecated”
>
> \- Break into smaller pieces:
>
> \- Microservices
>
> \- Python plugins
>
> \- API addition driven by Apps
>
> \- Infrastructure:
>
> \- Need easy access to 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 etc
>
> \- Apps/microservices deployment

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

\- OMERO benchmarking for wider adoption at Imperial

\- make subsequent team meetings all-zoom, no meeting room?

> \- No limit on zoom numbers now
>
> \- JM- try it over the summer
>
> \- June: won’t cancel room bookings yet - trial period.
