---
title: 2017-01-31
---

**31st January**

Dundee: Kenny, Helen, Roger, Simon, June, Jean-Marie, Balaji, Will,
Petr, Ola,

Remote: Dom, Josh, Mark, Seb, Simone, Melissa, Emil, Wilma, ¸

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last

meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-01-24-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-3-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/wA1T35Ld/ome-files-0-3-0) (Sebastien)

-   5.3.3 largely done. Bugs and fixes etc. Ship ASAP

    -   David leading release process. Hopefully Thursday

    -   5.3.4 organising backlog

    -   Benchmarking. Roger working on JACE on different platforms

    -   OME File 0.3.0 2nd phase custom annotations starting soon

    -   Galveston meeting - positive feedback on Python bindings,
        > Metadata annotations, etc.

    -   Try to get regular feedback from users

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

\- Networking issues around demo33. New embassy cloud upcoming.

\- EBI want to migrate to new openstack

\- Focusing on re-annotating (i.e. populate\_metadata)

\- Working with map-ann keys as primary keys is problematic

\- Larger level priorities: importing, analyzing, discovery

\- Next weeks/months. Maintain status quo of infrastructure

\- Hook up other tools to work with IDR data.

\- Human protein atlas HPA data new dataset.

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.0\](https://trello.com/b/FoyfXCaf/omero-5-3-0)

1\. \[New Roles\](https://trello.com/c/t0nT7KYa/133-new-role) (Mark)

\* now added all admin privileges planned for 5.3.0, listed in card
comments

\* also prefixed light administrator privilege names in Experimenter
configuration

\* now reviewing "user management" role to,

\* allow group leaders previous powers, like create user in their group

\* prevent privilege elevation

1.  Web api - wells done. Cleanup / stabilise

2.  Jai Image I/O fork problematic for OMERO on Java 9 - server won’t
    > start

    1.  Need to plan (not for 5.3.0 but aim for 5.3.x) gdoc proposal
        > etc.

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

-   IDR meeting end of march. Jason to invite..?

-   Cambridge training June 29th/30th

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

1\. ImageJ

1\. iViewer - ROI editing review (trello card)

1\. Sysadmin

\- Josh: \[Rundeck
users?\]([<u>https://trello.com/c/Imw8Ci17/1788-restarting-petr-s-docker-created-in-rundeck</u>](https://trello.com/c/Imw8Ci17/1788-restarting-petr-s-docker-created-in-rundeck))

> \- 24 servers on Beluga, now 7
>
> \- Balaji: 3 (1 active, 1 for travel/outreach)
>
> \- Petr: have some, but not ‘active’. Valuable??
>
> \- Seb: need space for performance tests with nothing else on it
>
> \- Josh: Use docker on Beluga, just need to turn other servers OFF.

\- Kenny: VMWare strategy

> \- Discuss with LSC what OMERO VMware cluster spec.
>
> \- Comparable with openstack
>
> \- Where to move nightshade?

1\. Smuggler (Montpellier)

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

-   Thanks David & Seb for fixing 64-bit TIFFs.

-   Design issue for read-only & scalability

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)
