---
title: 2017-12-05
---

Dundee: Petr, Kenny, Mark, Balaji, Helen, Simon, Will, Riad

Remote: Roger, Seb, JM, Josh, Wilma, Melissa, Liza, Andreas, Chris

Start: 14:00

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1os36moToB_p9GyXm45GTdn-p5cqPpa_12bFU-R8UCJ0/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Now (J-M)

    -   IDR 0.4.4 release yesterday.

        -   Waiting for DOI before tweeting. Likely this afternoon

    -   B-F: moving along with issues and PR for 5.7.3

    -   Cambridge training Thursday/Friday

        -   Final test by Paul (IT Cambridge)

        -   Everything else sorted

    -   Follow up training:

        -   organise materials under the same roof (single repository).
            > See
            > [<u>Review</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tYT1J7Z7KWXq6zKWL8px2lI8KID6AUsl4sW5hlxJmLY/edit)

        -   Prep of various training sessions have highlighted some
            > flaws in the stack

-   Next (Josh)

    -   Backlog has been dealt with

    -   OME-Files 0.5.0 Release Announced

    -   rOMERO-gateway 0.2.0 Release Tagged

    -   Production deployments (clones & hand-off)

    -   ITR:
        > [<u>PR</u>](https://github.com/IDR/idr.openmicroscopy.org/pull/25),
        > [<u>Statistics</u>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nW6UyWFBfdOt8YIIkX-H4CACZ__eO727CiMKIEnl9v0/edit#gid=1645393117)

    -   Naming discussion needed for next tasks

    -   Postponing presentation (Josh)

        -   “Test-omero” is now “omero-test-infra”

        -   Some more renaming to do

        -   Too much going on right now, but see
            > [<u>slides</u>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/105Ch3IaBy3IDuifVdQOZe314sttcLSbWUrRKy4E0q-c/edit#slide=id.g2a2d566669_0_59)

-   Glencoe

    -   ASCB went well, lots of data sharing IDR hype

    -   New PathViewer

    -   Lots of CellProfiler fixes

-   Community

    -   [<u>EM
        > Data</u>](https://trello.com/c/PJr5bCNO/179-expert-workshop-on-public-archiving-of-cellular-em-data-dec-11-12th):
        > Josh Eleanor 11-12/12

    -   [<u>Digital Embryology
        > Consortium</u>](https://trello.com/c/Vtn4oXQ1/192-digital-embryology-consortium-berlin-opening-meeting-dec-11-2017)
        > J-M 11/12

    -   Fiji Hackathon: Josh Seb David 13-16/12

        -   Follow along in the [<u>Gitter
            > room</u>](https://imagej.net/Chat)

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Office bins (Jean-marie)

    -   J-M: I will bring some small bin bags. Easier if we use one
        > small bin with bag setup. We collect either daily or when ¾
        > full (Replace bag) and put in main bin in kitchen.

    -   To be decided on a row-by-row basis

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

-   Upcoming Epics (Josh)

    -   Releases (5.4.2, prod45, etc)

        -   Could have a rapid 5.4.2 release if needed with some fixes
            > needed by community early next year

        -   Also new publication doc wants to go out for Jason’s blog
            > post

        -   Everyone welcome to help kick cards off the current 5.4.2
            > board

        -   IDR plans will be decided at the next IDR meeting

        -   Aim to have more training sessions next year, e.g. last week
            > of every month

    -   Proposal: explain what the Workflow board is (user-workflows
        > that are broken that only become apparent when you try and
        > execute a full workflow from a user perspective)

        -   Training (Broken) See
            > [<u>board</u>](https://trello.com/b/vG6RVrf1/workflows)

    -   Python3 Scoping

        -   E.g. Django python 2 support will be dropped at some point

        -   Also applies to other dependencies

        -   Aim to complete scoping by the users’ meeting

        -   Chris: difficulty of merge conflicts. Compartmentalize at
            > the same time.

        -   Roger: can also split it up feature by feature.

            -   New projects could be python 3 only

    -   Other items

        -   Simone: Hibernate → Josh: search microservice
