**2nd May**

Dundee: Will, Petr, Dominik, June, Kenny, Simon, Ola, Mark, Jean-Marie,
Simone,

Remote: Josh, Sebastien, Andreas, David, Eleanor, Wilma, Melissa, Chris,
Stick, Emil

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-04-25-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- 5.5.0 next milestone - mostly done

\- Next: rebase Columbus reader from IDR, issues with paths on Windows.

\- Either release 5.5.0 without this, or release partial working reader

\- BF update site to test deployment of snapshot before release

\- Release on Thursday or push to Monday

\- Tiling - Need to handle writing of tiles of full image size

\- CMSO - pypi library to read & write tracks

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

1\. idr0034/hipsci importing to prod37 this week

> \- 1 more dataset for users meeting

1\. ome2017 (on pony) in the process of being brought up

> \- 5.3 prototype for testing

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.2\](https://trello.com/b/99FNECY9/omero-5-3-2) (J-M)

1\. Focus on thumbnails improvement in web and CLI fixes

\- Release on 16th/17th May (week after BF)

\- More focus moved to web apps

1\. \[OMERO
5.4.0-m1\](https://trello.com/b/VkiONV40/omero-5-4-0-m1-new-role)
(Petr/Mark)

\- adjusted graph operations to better handle light admins, still being
tested

\- changed server to improve performance and better fit into existing
permissions code

\- included adjustment so no light admin powers survive sudo to normal
user

\- drafted ugly but effective improvement of import speed

\- will open PR once previous is merged

\- block light-admin-makes-light-admin at server?

\- can do if necessary but could take a few days

\- JM - do internal milestone first

\- Tag what we have now if happy

\- Petr - couple of issues - PR opened for one. Test skipping?

\- next steps

\- more performance testing and profiling following latest changes

\- once more PRs are tested and merged, have Josh do general code review

\- Will: need to fix webadmin form for create user by light-admin

1\. \[Outreach\](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

\- New release scheduled for 18/05

\- Export figure / create new image in OMERO

\- PR for editing background/page colour

1\. iviewer

\- \[design
issue\]([<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/75</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/75))

> \- PRs in progress to address UI design
>
> \- Some issues scoped for later, e.g. Projection.

1\. new website

\- PR and feedback on Explore page

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

\- Nightshade redeploy

\- Progress on config

> \- Filesystem layout postgres etc

\- Jenkins Secvulns

\- Firewalling until issues resolved / patched

\- Team Permissions XSS attacks - read-only

> \- Petr - can we run builds if ‘read-only’
>
> \- Josh - not sure of impact. Will try not to be disruptive

\- Mailman issues - needed restart

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

\- Webinar last week - will publish soon

\- Mainline: thumbnails etc.

\- JCB dataviewer moving off physical hardware

\- Jenkins upgrade - plugin cleanup

> \- Check docs re: starting up (some things need to be on/off)
>
> \- Host key verification now vastly more aggressive (slave
> communication)

1\. User meeting update

\-
\[Workshops\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/2p0svfga/potn-workshops-2017</u>](https://trello.com/b/2p0svfga/potn-workshops-2017))

> \- Discussion this morning, will update cards
>
> \- T-shirts, lanyards etc.
>
> \- Use case “I have resource & data. Want to integrate with OMERO but
> not start from scratch”
>
> \- Consider this use-case in workshops.
>
> \- 15th May for draft workshop run-throughs

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)
