**20th June**

Remote: June, Josh, Mark, Jean-marie, Helen, Eleanor, Kenny, Balaji,
Dom, Simon, Chris, Liza, Petr, Wilma, Roger

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-06-20-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Seb away)

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

> \- Call this am - week left till cytohack
>
> \- Problems with Prometheus and Jetty - log files too big
>
> \- READ-only - can we touch files on disk? E.g. tables
>
> \- All on prod40 - unlikely to get this into production next week.
> Rename for cytohack
>
> \- Some testing needed later this week, but not “production” level.

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.3\](https://trello.com/b/iMLTpTt4/omero-533) (J-M)

1\. Release planned for next Tuesday. Postponed to allow investigation
of a bug and update licenses file

> \- “Bug” not new? - will monitor situation…
>
> 1\. Openssl won’t be included. Will put workaround on docs.

1\. \[Outreach\](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

1\. Josh: analysis/training communication & meetings (cytohack)

> \- Please use IDR slack/mailing lists (idr-project@openmicroscopy.org)
> instead of private conversations/chats
>
> 1\. Petr - also PRs (notebooks etc) - Josh: add section to standup
> notes.

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

1\. Release next week after OMERO

> \- last couple of PRs to merge

1\. iviewer

1\. Release next week after OMERO

> \- looking good...

1\. new website

> \- Sphinx theme and other styling work.
>
> \- Meeting tomorrow to discuss final changes before going live

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

> \- Adding monitoring, caused web bug (\#procs/threads ramp up & too
> many files open)
>
> \- Will: to look at adding logging DEBUG or WARN instead of eating
> exceptions

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

\- Read-only scalability.

\- Image region microservice completion

\- Improving reuse and performance of rendering engine

> \- vert.x Pixelbuffers etc.

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)

\- Dundee: unplug all equipment tonight (power surge).
