---
title: 2017-04-04
---

**4th April**

Dundee: Will, Kenny, Jason, Jean-Marie, June, Balaji, Roger, Helen, Ola,
Simon, Simone, Dominik

Remote: Eleanor, David, Sebastien, Liz, Chris, Stick, Andreas, Josh (at
Janelia)

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-03-21-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

> \- CMSO mulitmot - coupling imaging and analytical data
>
> \- Followup - get experimental metadata files.
>
> \- BF- external PR from mpi. Reader addition
>
> \- OME-Files - Oxford user consuming OME files
>
> \- Minor release soon with features requested by community
>
> \- Timeline not set yet, before Dundee meeting would be nice
>
> \- JM: meeting workshop on OME-Files?
>
> \- Jason: modalities and complexities of imaging acquisition increased
> a lot since start of OME project.

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Eleanor)

> \- IDR meeting last week
>
> \- Submissions: biostudies submission portal. Met with biostudies.
>
> \- Analysis: use-cases discussed, good progress

\- Working on two datasets, idr0026 (immunotherapy) and idr0034 (HipSci)

\- Release scheduled for next week with idr0026, annotation updates and
update deployment with a separate web user

\- Next months work

\- More datasets.

\- Working with BioStudies so they can receive imaging submissions

\- Upgrade to jupyter to allow whitelisting users

\- Ola - upgrade the version of OMERO used in IDR to 5.3.0

\- Simon - calculating WND-CHARM features on more datasets

\- Proteasome analysis.

\- Preparing presentation for users’ meeting.

1\. \[OMERO
5.3.1\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/99FNECY9/omero-5-3-1</u>](https://trello.com/b/99FNECY9/omero-5-3-1))

> \- 5.3.0 Release last week.
>
> \- Looking to port useful IDR features back into mainline.
> Thumbnailing etc.
>
> \- Matlab (Balaji) and R (Dominik) for analysis - Users’ meeting prep
>
> \- Moving more functionality to OMERO gateway - SPW features
>
> \- Jason: showing workflows using full stack, using IDR / big data
>
> \- Part of improving data-in, data-out, data-download “the straw”
>
> \- Weekly analysis meeting starting on Friday
>
> \- JM: web apps pip installable -&gt; Douglas doing same for
> webtagging

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

> \- Josh at Janelia
>
> \- Simon and Kenny going to Ansible meeting

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure

> \- Updating release board for using Pypi
>
> \- Looking to release on 17th April

1\. Iviewer

> \- Working on ROI permissions
>
> \- Will: Adding ROI support to JSON API
>
> \- Aim to release first week of May

1\. new website

> \- Started weekly meetings on Mondays
>
> \- Updating layout of OMERO section
>
> \- Currently deploying via github pages to build & host jekyll site
>
> \- JM: will eventually migrate figure.openmicroscopy.org into new
> site.
>
> \- Helen: more content work in progress

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

> \- Kenny: separate web VM for 5.3.0 on nightshade
>
> \- Need to setup SSL for logins etc.≠
>
> \- School need to update to latest Insight before server upgrade
>
> \- Specs and deployment firmed up for new nightshade on RHEL 7 VM.

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

> \- Pathviewer webinar at end of month
>
> \- 5.3.0 investigation for pathviewer
>
> \- Horizontal scaling with Douglas etal

1\. Mtools testing and new build needed for nightshade upgrade

1\. User meeting update

> \- Workshop schedules on gdocs
>
> \- Some external workshops
>
> \- Tricky to organise 3 sessions\]
>
> \- Finish with “free-for-all” depending on demand

1\. Reverse OSAR (30-60 mins)

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)
