---
title: 2017-04-30
---

**30th May**

Dundee: Will, Petr, Dominik, Mark, Helen, Simon, June, Kenny, Balaji,
Jean-Marie, Simone, Roger, Chris, Andreas,

Remote: Sebastien, Wilma, Ola, Liza,

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-05-23-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. User meeting update:

> \- 77 delegates
>
> \- T-shirts have arrived!
>
> \- Helpers to take items down tomorrow - pick-up from office
>
> \- Kenny & Josh to collect lightning talks on USB sticks, 7 still to
> collect
>
> \- 4 Posters
>
> \- All presentations to be uploaded / committed to github by EOB today
>
> \- In future, try to unify usage of reveal.js (same version to allow
> sharing etc)
>
> \- new website all ready
>
> \- Simon: jupyter needs github authentication setup
>
> \- Kenny: wifi working in Dalhousie building. Eduroam tested. No UoD
> wifi
>
> \- ALL: Test eduroam ahead of time (login
> [<u>username@dundee.ac.uk</u>](mailto:username@dundee.ac.uk))

\-

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)
