---
title: 2017-09-05
---

Dundee: Will, Kenny, Petr, Dominik, Jean-Marie, Mark, Helen, June,
Balaji, Riad

Remote: Sebastien, Chris, Roger, Josh, Liza, Andreas, David, Wilma,
Emil, Melissa

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B2ytmM7Jmj58N2gzcWZ6UVJONTA)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Timelines
--------------------

(2-3 minutes each)

###  A. Spaces

-   [<u>Files/Formats</u>](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)

    -   Bio-Formats 5.7.0 released yesterday

        -   Community Sync-ing already - CellProfiler etc

    -   Working on reviewing all the open contributions for upcoming
        > patch releases

    -   OME Files: ongoing work on platform support for C7 and OME Files
        > Python

        -   Done by end of week

-   [<u>Metadata</u>](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata)

    -   Seb: new data received needing new readers, etc. e.g. Mass Spec,
        > Light-sheet data

    -   prod43: feedback from users re: “Demo” user name. Suggestions
        > for rename?

    -   Using [<u>0.4.x</u>](https://trello.com/b/TZzmcmQ8/idr-04x) to
        > prepare prod44 work. Notebooks etc.

    -   Upcoming ITR work in Gothenburg. Neubias.

        -   Promoting useful tools

    -   Use cases for working with millions+ ROIs/Shapes

-   [<u>OMERO 5.4.0</u>](https://trello.com/b/SiqOu2Bl/omero-540)

    -   Upcoming 5.3.4

        -   Fixes and BF version bump 5.5.3 (czi issue included)

        -   Aim to release on Thursday

        -   Web-site prep in progress

        -   Deploy locally on nightshade before release

        -   Seb: need to review release workflow - re: new website

    -   5.4

        -   Fixing remaining issue: tables, delete, new roles

            -   Support for older pytables.

        -   Fixing web installation and working on docs

            -   Discussing: reduce number of platforms supported.

        -   Bump to BF 5.7

        -   Code freeze tomorrow (except bugs/tests)

-   [<u>Outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach)

    -   Cambridge workshop (December), preparing publicity posters

    -   Lots of feedback from Petr’s visit to Dusseldorf

        -   Requests for performance testing / benchmarking

        -   More flexible groups permissions / sharing / deep copy

###  B. Other releases/upgrades:

-   Figure

    -   nothing

-   iViewer

    -   Possible release 0.3 with some features (save as, save
        > projected) before 5.4

    -   In progress: multi images view. Compare images / channels etc.

-   New website

    -   Helen: release preparation.

    -   Prototypes for new pages - see trello board

-   Sysadmin

    -   Drop ux@ & web-team@ email aliases - prevent spam forwarding

    -   Google analytics (Josh) - All team members added

        -   Need cookies warning for web users

    -   5.3.4 Nightshade/Ansible/Infra-testpr work (Kenny)

###  C. Glencoe Update (Chris)

-   Working on Microservices

-   Tackling masks - improving efficiency with OMERO.web

    -   Big Image masks can be large - need to handle multi-resolution

-   B-F updates coming...

3. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

4. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   
