**9th May**

Dundee: Will, Petr, Dominik, June, Mark, Kenny, Roger, Ola, Jean-Marie,
Simone, Balaji,

Remote: Sebastien, Josh, David, Wilma, Melissa, Chris, Andreas, Emil,
Eleanor, Helen, Liza,

\# Agenda - 2:00pm Start \#

1\. Accepting minutes from \[last
meeting\](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/site/community/minutes/conference-calls/2017/2017-05-02-tuesday-team-meeting)

1\. Project Timelines (2-3 minutes each)

1\. Spaces

1\.
\[Files/Formats\](https://trello.com/b/IBHfAIMP/bio-formats-5-x)/\[OME
Files\](https://trello.com/b/WFYWCvoV/ome-files-0-4-0) (Sebastien)

\- 5.5.0 released yesterday - 2 new file formats supported. Olympus &
Perkin Elmer

\- OMERO dev build updated to consume this. Will be in OMERO 5.3.2

\- Focus switching to users’ meeting prep

\- CMSO/Multimot - Seb, Simone, Jason will visit in June

\-

1\. \[Metadata\](https://trello.com/c/XQXwX6jj/6-metadata) (Josh)

1\. prod37 prepped with idr0034 new dataset; release tomorrow AM

> \- New drop-down to choose cell lines

1\. Builds of 0.4.0 now seem to be ready for deploying to ome2017

> \- BF ported forward
>
> \- Test with OMERO 5.3.0 data

1\. \[OMERO 5.3.2\](https://trello.com/b/99FNECY9/omero-5-3-2) (J-M)

1\. Working on CLI fixes

> 1\. Will use BF 5.5.0 and include web thumbnail fixes

1\. Plan is to release next Tuesday

1\. \[OMERO
5.4.0-m1\](https://trello.com/b/VkiONV40/omero-5-4-0-m1-new-role)
(Petr/Mark)

\- Mark: PRs open to improve performance

\- Petr: will check performance of current merge artifact

\- Will: fix webadmin form for create user by light-admin

\- Mark: \[proposed
fix\](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/5284) for
\`testOfficialScriptDeleteNoSudo\`

\- Mark: once 5.3.2 is tagged will merge it into 5.4 work

\- will invite Josh to review code diff from 5.3.2 to 5.4 to spot issues

\- 5.4.0-m1 could then be tagged

1\.
\[Outreach\]([<u>https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach</u>](https://trello.com/b/Da6OAWam/outreach))

1\. Other releases/upgrades:

1\. Figure - won’t try to release before meeting.

1\. Iviewer

> \- Few PRs opened by JM & Will, tidy UI etc.
>
> \- Please try it if interested

1\. new website

> \- Progress on feature icons etc.
>
> \- ‘Explore’ page preliminary content done
>
> \- BF downloads
>
> \- Content needed for developer section

1\. Sysadmin (current board and recent PRs)

> \- New nightshade platform. Test and Production VMs
>
> \- Testing with de-coupled web with nightshade 5.2.8

1\. Glencoe Update (Chris)

> \- BF work (see above)
>
> \- Discuss closer work with vendors at users’ meeting
>
> \- Delete work in discussion

1\. User meeting update

1\. June status - registration closed now. Similar numbers as last year.

1\. Analysis (Josh): progress on various data fronts but nothing stable
yet.

> 1\. Few more discussions this week.
>
> 1\. Issues with memory in R
>
> 1\. Nuclear ROIs not in IDR yet
>
> 1\. No full workflow is working yet - Need to see what will be ready
> for meeting.

1\. AOB (5 mins max - technical discussions should be highlighted to
relevant people and rescheduled)
