---
title: 2019-04-23
---

Dundee: Will, Petr, Mark, Jean-Marie, June, Riad, Jason,

Remote: Sebastien, David, Frances, Melissa, Wilma, Andreas, Chris,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In

    -   Bio-Formats 6.1.0

        -   Java dependency issues when building OMERO 5 with BF but
            > mostly working

        -   First milestone tagged incl. dependency work (guava,
            > metadata-extractor, perf4j, jhdf5), HCS test, ICS fix

        -   Next candidates: BDV, OMERO pyramid reading issue, external
            > contributions,netcdf

        -   West-ci is using BF 6.1.0 now

        -   JM: 6.1.0 allows extracting gateway out of Blitz

        -   Netcdf dependencies causing failing ci-master builds (OK on
            > west-ci)

-   Data-Out

    -   Tested 6.1.0-m1 with omero to check dependency work.

    -   Main blocker to integrate B-F is the OMERO pyramid issue.

    -   Finalising migration of properties. Splitting of
        > omero.properties file. Several assumptions/hard coded section
        > in python to be fixed.

    -   Adjusting build system: PR wrongly excluded. Some points need to
        > be discussed to ensure the correct properties are read. Make
        > sure we test what we want to test

    -   Insight: packaging works with non-oracle version. With Open JDK.

    -   Mark: PR open to restore doc generation for omero.properties
        > (reading now from multiple files)

    -   Seb: OMERO 5.5.0 usage unchanged for users and sysAdmins?

    -   Mark: yes, sounds right. CLI config set etc work as before

    -   JM: history / changelog no-longer in one place under
        > openmicroscopy. Could manually copy changes into a single
        > place.

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   Performance testing on large plates 1536-wells. Imports and
        > thumbnails etc.

    -   Jason: Washington meeting, representing Glencoe with Emil -
        > Human Islet

-   Community

    -   

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

1.  Developer day after next user workshop.

    1.  Jason - some delegates at the last workshop were developer
        > types. Would benefit from extra day to work with OMERO devs.

    2.  Seb: hard to characterise users as devs/admins/users. For
        > developers, do I visit in September or June?

    3.  Jason - clarify with extra details in announcement.

    4.  Informal extra day, wonâ€™t require organised catering etc.

    5.  Will: discussion ahead of time about what is feasible for 3rd
        > day? E,g, on forums?

    6.  Jason: yes, we ask this on the form, but could be more open
        > conversation.

    7.  Seb in Dundee next week - Tuesday.

2.  Lifesci IDs expiring LDAP logins fail. Need to update passwords.

    1.  Lifesci auth may go away soon. Do we switch nightshade to UoD
        > auth?

3.  

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
