Dundee: Petr, June, Riad, Seb, Mark, Will, Simon, Dom

Remote: Jean-Marie, Frances, Josh, Will, Chris, Andreas, David, Melissa

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In

    -   Bio-Formats 6.1 (Seb)

        -   Near drawing a line on contents of 6.1

        -   BDVReader is 95% done

        -   Most of the Java dependencies are done. NetCDF being tested,
            > but looks positive

        -   Legacy OmeroPyramid format issue has been reproduced without
            > OMERO

        -   Couple of unknowns. RC within next week?

            -   JMB: pyramid fix in B-F or OMERO? David: likely fix in
                > B-F but reader in OMERO.

    -   IDR 0.6.7 (Seb)

        -   HPA run plus likely one more screen. (No complete
            > data+metadata)

        -   Work on UI will be ongoing concurrently.

    -   IDR 0.7.0 - new UI (Will)

        -   See [<u>extensive
            > notes</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HHQbMKT3N5yGAOfKHjEuGJX19nBW_ldOXmKPN3q14FU/edit#)
            > or [<u>screenshots on design
            > issue</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/100#issuecomment-487606480)

        -   Will: multiple rounds iterating over different ideas
            > covering front page for IDR allowing to explore the IDR.

        -   Currently based on omero-gallery. Might fully supersede the
            > old gallery (primarily used as an example previously)

        -   next step: deployment of new UI so that team can test it

-   Data-Out

    -   Tags omero-\* repo late friday after build/dependencies issues,
        > m3 of omero-java-gateway is the last addition. Java clients
        > (Insight and matlab immediately) use it.

    -   Working on docs and ironing bits. Moving towards release in
        > coming weeks. Timeline to set in stones, we need BF 6.1 with
        > omero pyramid fix so it can be included

        -   Expecting openmicroscopy milestone to be tagged tomorrow

    -   Insight:

        -   Package importer: might need to decide on the usage by
            > consumers. Chris: not heavily used by a few customers
            > still rely on it.

        -   Readme

    -   Josh: python 3 initial work. Easy to get started but eventually
        > hit Python gateway.

        -   Started breaking it gateway into files

        -   Will need no other PRs touching that piece of code

        -   Will: probably limited amount of changes to the gateway.

        -   JM: OMERO 5.5 will probably be short-lived. More work into
            > the pipeline (Python 3)

    -   OMERO.downloader release coming this week to fix export bug
        > before coming training workshops.

        -   Current release version has bug in TIFF export. Testing
            > ongoing and targetted for the upcoming training.

        -   Also includes download of map annotations.

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   Bio-Formats, Micro-services, upgrading

    -   New webinar coming up in a few weeks

    -   Josh: progress with migrating on top of backbone ms

        -   Pixelbuffer and image-region use backbone on master branch

        -   Remaining one to upgrade to backbone it thumbnail

-   Community

    -   Seattle report (Josh)

        -   Future of OMERO discussions

            -   E.g. Conversation with Allen Institute for Cell Science

            -   Created their own stack based on SpringBoot

            -   Also have data in several location

            -   Interest in keeping the discussions e.g. can parts of
                > the stack be re-used without needing everything
                > (micro-services)

        -   Flexible model (EBI & Allen)

            -   Discussions around RDF.

            -   EBI primarily using JSON-schema, discussed the support
                > problem

            -   CZI converting everything to OME-TIFF. Unclear whether
                > they have all the metadata of the PFF.

        -   Zarr & N-DIM stitching (SpaceTx, Allen, etc) cF. BigStitcher

            -   Problem of the metadata connecting the blobs together

            -   BigStitcher uses GUI based approach to make inferences

        -   Registration & coordinate frameworks (SpaceTx, Sanger, etc.)
            > E.g.:

            -   [<u>https://github.com/spacetx/starfish/issues/1286</u>](https://github.com/spacetx/starfish/issues/1286) -
                > coords in CSV

            -   [<u>https://github.com/spacetx/starfish/issues/1121</u>](https://github.com/spacetx/starfish/issues/1121#issuecomment-487681921) -
                > sparse dimensions

            -   Registration between two coordinate systems e.g. 2
                > separate acquisitions with shifted coordinate systems

        -   Significant amount of spatial transcriptomics. Not yet
            > public data

    -   Workshops (June)

        -   Petr/Dom going to Oxford next week

        -   Deadline for next Dundee workshop is May 10th

    -   GPFS upgrade

        -   Still finishing central clusters upgrade. Cannot perform
            > nightshade upgrade

        -   West-ci is down. Cannot be rebooted. Ticket open with LSC.

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
