Dundee: N/A

Remote: Seb, Josh, Frances, J-m, June, Mark, Will, Melissa, Andreas,
Wilma,  
Simon, Petr, Jason, Chris, Ola, Liza

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Sysadmin

    -   UoD gpfs-idr has run out of space!

    -   Nightshade included etc.

    -   Hold off on copying any large files &gt; 1 GB.

    -   No large increase in space in near future.

    -   Seb: To discuss at next idr-meeting (monday)

    -   1 TB still available - nightshade OK for now

    -   1 User has 12 TB

        -   Jason: when you have a user list, send to me and I can
            > suggest which user data to cull

-   IDR:

    -   New release today all going wellâ€¦

        -   HPA6 and idr0069

-   Python3

    -   Merge-ci integration tests going green (Party time)

    -   Py3 should be soon

    -   Manual testing, etc. Small issues being fixed

        -   Testing spreadsheet
            > [<u>https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ry6vS0dmsylFQDAiIZDrPC3kXNpnHSMtK-2yj5X8jaU/edit\#gid=420881033</u>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ry6vS0dmsylFQDAiIZDrPC3kXNpnHSMtK-2yj5X8jaU/edit#gid=420881033)

    -   Future: focus on py3 release and documentation + deployment -
        > Early December

        -   Drop support for 5.4 and 5.5 -

        -   Ola: can help testing deployment etc.

        -   To discuss in \#python3 room

        -   Chris: not long since 5.5.0 - consider user update burden

            -   5.5.0 = 13.June.2019

        -   Josh: needs blog post to explain reasons to users

        -   Chris: dropping python2?

            -   CentOS7 large percentage of users? Can users use py3.6?

            -   Simon: python 3.6 is available now

            -   Ubuntu 1604 - still python 3.5?

    -   Release suggestion (Nov. 18 window)

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   Pipelines iSyntax, mrxs -&gt; OME-TIFF. Using intermediary
        > storage/format

        -   E.g. zarr format. Some issues, but mostly working

            -   Looking at spatial mapping.

            -   Pushing to public repos soon

        -   Need to handle compression wrt array ordering etc.

        -   Pyramids not supported by default - manual handling needed

    -   Microservices migrating to use Backbone infrastructure. Remove
        > ICE usage

        -   PRs coming soon

        -   More async interactions

-   Community

    -   Petr prep, travelling. New improved notebooks

    -   Need to return to user-manuals and polish when py3 done

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
