---
title: 2019-12-17
---

Dundee: (zoom) Will, Petr, Mark, Simon, June,

Remote: Dominik, Andreas, Jason, Liza, Wilma, Josh, Melissa, Jean-Marie,
Chris,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR:

    -   Dom- importing data ready to review into idr-testing

    -   HPA 7 - import into idr-next will take 2 weeks

-   ~~Python3~~ 5.6.0 (Josh)

    -   Ramping back up on Java releases, driven by insight - need to
        > connect to 5.6.x

        -   Release all jars on server side. May include small fixes

    -   Need to get an overview of remaining blockers on [<u>the
        > board</u>](https://github.com/orgs/ome/projects/5)

        -   Please add any known issues/blockers.

        -   Consider new features (but focus is still on py3
            > polishing/docs)

        -   Set release date soon - will be around end Jan/ early Feb.

        -   Needs \~ 1 hr discussion on Thursday (or after this
            > meeting….)

    -   Discussion about features in \#python3

        -   OMERO.web timezone fixes on the way
            > [<u>https://github.com/ome/omero-web/pull/4</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-web/pull/4)

    -   Insight - merged feature from Suzanne

    -   Debian 10 install - can start server but not log in yet. Needs
        > investigation

        -   Debian 9 still supported for a while, but not tested so
            > well. It comes with Python 3.5

-   SA (learning/mail)

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   5.6 /master build discussions - few gotchas.

    -   Python ICE builds a bit unstable - some assumptions for Docker

        -   Put symlinks in usr/bin as workaround

    -   Few PRs to backport

-   Community

    -   SWAT4HCLS (Josh):

        -   See gdoc - sent around today.

        -   Some large companies with real-world use-cases, using
            > triples/RDF.

        -   Josh: sketched some ideas for IDR Map-Annotations -&gt;
            > triples.

        -   Some available tools (GUI) for what Balaji was doing in code

        -   OWL alternatives available

        -   Todo: write vendor-accessible blog post about next-gen file
            > formats.

            -   E.g. 10 simple rules...

    -   iRODS (Josh)

        -   North Carolina. IRODS integration with OMERO via OMERO-API.

        -   Metadata is defined in IRODS. -&gt; OMERO for
            > users/customers.

        -   Josh: can we get IRODs to generate Lucene search index etc?

    -   NIST, NCI, IDC (Jason)

        -   Lots of talks etc.

        -   See recent IDR e-mail. Several other projects planning
            > similar repos.

        -   Should have IDR software stack up-to-date and stable.

        -   Well-received arguments about file formats.

    -   TIM 2020 (Trends in Microscopy meeting). 9th-13th March.

        -   2 x 1hr workshops

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Date of next team meeting? January 7th

### OMERO 5.6 release date planning…

Petr, Josh, Mark, Will, Simon, J-m, Dom, Jason

-   J-m: workshop end of January. Really should be Python3. May need an
    > RC.

-   Simon: could imagine releasing omero-py before Christmas (from
    > stability POV)

-   J-m: no need to add features. Add them after the fact with the
    > decoupling.

-   Simon: what counts as a breaking change.

    -   J-m: websockets, etc. Wouldn’t even list icing on the cake.

    -   Josh: biggest breaking is phase2 (i.e. bin/omero)

        -   J-m: agreed, it’s confusing.

-   Josh: could see 10th perhaps, but no feature PRs.

-   Petr: agree for getting a stable build ASAP for workshops

-   J-m: committing to a 5.6.1 relatively soon

-   J-m: wouldn’t go beyond the 20th. Petr: needs some time for Julio to
    > test.

-   Questions/Estimates on 10th target:

    -   Phase 2 in or out: **all ok**

    -   Python versions: **py36 only**

    -   Docs: **no large blocks of work (beyond OMERO\_HOME, phase2)**

    -   Deployment work: **web ok, srv needs few tweaks (omero-py)**

    -   Chain of releases: **Specify py3 only and/or omero-py&gt;=5.6**

    -   All plugins**: yes (javascript issue)**

-   Turn off merge-ci? Petr: some things are only being tested on Python
    > 2

    -   Need to figure out the javascript issue.

-   At least one final PR will be needed for **all** python repositories
    > with the following:

    -   Py3-only: python\_requires, classifiers

    -   Drop \`.dev\`

    -   Distribute bdist\_wheel

    -   Fix include\_packages

    -   Update README
