Dundee: Will, Petr, Mark, June, Dominik, Simon, Riad,

Remote: Jean-Marie, Chris, Josh, Frances, Sebastien, Melissa, David,
Jason, Andreas, Emil, Liza

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In

    -   IDR 0.6.6:

        -   2 Datasets. Idr0043 (HPA run 4) thumbnailing and idr0052

    -   Bio-Formats 6.1.0: in progress.

        -   Mostly BDV related.

        -   Adding to tests - file leaks etc.

        -   Wsi reader: 1 GS + 1 contributed externally

        -   Josh: might need NPE fix - will discuss with David.

-   Data-Out

    -   M1 matlab is out last week. TODO: Reduce libs to reduce size

    -   Units Test and javadoc now in place for all repo (run by
        > travis).

        -   Adjust plugin to get suitable output for tests - not too
            > verbose

    -   Focus on doc

    -   Pending: testing plugins PR due to unidata problem

        -   JM: still need to test without caching unidata

    -   App packaging update

        -   Riad: working on Windows packaging

    -   Iviewer:

        -   Few more PRs to be reviewed/merged then one more rc if
            > needed before 0.7.0

-   Sysadmin - 14:07

    -   GPFS storage upgrade on Tue 30 April (Simon)

        -   LSC will upgrade central storage nodes early morning

        -   We'll upgrade our servers

        -   Also an opportunity for general patching

        -   Nightshade: Potential downtime of whole day - hasn’t been
            > patched for a while

            -   Good to send out e-mail this week

        -   Don’t want to change date once confirmed.

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   BF contributions & new file format

    -   Ms backbone. Getting file paths issues wrt getting rid of Ice.

    -   Josh: take repo’s java package and split out of blitz

    -   Chris: lots of Ice usage where not needed

-   Community

    -   Formats presentations ECDP (Seb)

        -   Working on slides related to WSI OME-TIFF

        -   First talk after intro session

    -   SSBD (Josh)

        -   “Search” API: webclient, webgateway, json, mapr, etc.

            -   Complex for beginners

        -   Swagger, Elasticsearch, SPARQL, etc.

        -   [<u>https://github.com/openssbd/CombineSearch-OMERO</u>](https://github.com/openssbd/CombineSearch-OMERO)

        -   NB: Slack share channels?

    -   GerBI (Josh)

        -   Core facility managers meeting.

        -   4/20 (20%) using OMERO, more interested

        -   Planning Workshop/hackathon in Koln in June? Just Josh?

        -   National Research Data Infrastructure (NFDI) *a la* EOSC

            -   NFDI4LIFE(.de & @twitter)

            -   Libraries & metadata! incl. RDF & SPARQL

            -   Ideas from Susanne

            -   PSFCheck

        -   Also DFG opportunities, incl. “OMERO” & “AI”

        -   Interest in KNIME+OMERO / table service not well supported
            > in KNIME

            -   Exchange format?

        -   Analysis rename → “Analysis & Data Management” → image.sc

        -   Couple of talks / workshops → ELMI

        -   Training potential (potentially. Brazil!)

3. AOB - 14:30
--------------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

1.  Workshop next week:

    1.  E-mail sent to participants - room booked etc

    2.  June: 13 signed up. Caterers booked etc.

2.  More request for training sessions

    1.  Discussing with Oxford (6th May) & Munich (date tbd)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
