---
title: 2019-02-26
---

Dundee: Petr, Dom, Simon, Riad, Mark, JM, June,

Remote: Josh, Seb, Frances, Chris, Andreas, Will, Melissa, Wilma, David,
Emil, Liza, Kevin

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In:

    -   IDR cache testing

        -   Simon/Frances. Deleted cache except mapr. Performance seemed
            > good enough.

        -   Load testing coming next.

    -   IDR 0.6.4

        -   Frances: Hipsci dataset (idr0037) including all data from
            > previous study (idr0034). Expecting to release by EOB

-   Data-Out

    -   OMERO.Iviewer

        -   0.7.0a1 is out (include D&D for multi-view and ROI
            > pagination)

            -   JM: Will be tested with new IDR data, and on outreach

        -   Investigation:

            -   [<u>Roi
                > tiles</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-iviewer/pull/242)

            -   Will: Tiles on large images are complicated due to how
                > openlayers renders the ROI, not editable without
                > workarounds, could do with additional review. Still
                > doesn’t fully handle the case of too many ROIs on one
                > plane.

            -   JM: may drop ROI table completely, legacy of old clients

    -   Build decoupled:

        -   JM: status

            -   “Decoupled” repo will be tagged to 5.5.0-m3 after the
                > [<u>decoupling
                > PR</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/5934)
                > is merged

        -   JM/Mark: Next [<u>board m4
            > column</u>](https://trello.com/b/a1VdILbI/omero-550)

            -   Build infra

            -   Indexer work: New replacement for 5.4 indexer.
                > Foreground indexing doesn’t work.

            -   Insight decoupling in progress, do not open PRs yet

        -   Josh: ***<u>ALL</u>*** Java code apart from tests will be
            > removed from openmicroscopy, last chance to veto!!!!

            -   Chris: Can we maintain history somewhere? Create a new
                > clean repo?

        -   CI work: group discussion tomorrow am (where, how to
            > test/review PR etc.)

-   Glencoe

    -   Chris: got a first working version of the new backbone verticals
        > whilst killing Ice. Found some Ice references in server code.

-   Community

    -   HCA: “[<u>Adding DCP support for
        > imaging</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1orHtuNmdU97LP8Tpv5WP-yJgSbJasMXtGWPSb5gusOY/edit#)”
        > RFC

        -   Soon to be PR’d.

        -   Note: no visualization. Possibly a follow up RFC.

        -   also discussions with Sanger (irods, tiffs, etc) on how to
            > manage multi-petabyte datasets without moving original
            > data. Seb: only for very limited subset of formats.

    -   Singapore: J-M, Petr away next week

    -   Review first workshop applications soon

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Josh: trello

    -   Jason receives too many trello notifications and may not see
        > them

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
