---
title: 2019-02-19
---

Dundee: Petr, June, JM, Mark, Riad, Simon, Dom,

Remote: Will, Frances, Sebastien, David, Wilma, Melissa, Josh, Andreas,
Kevin, Liza, Jason, Chris, Emil

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In

    -   Bio-Formats 6 (David)

        -   Released yesterday! Everything using BF needs to be updated.

    -   IDR (Seb)

        -   Next production releases (prod64, prod65): HipSci screen,
            > more HPA, etc.

        -   Then investigate upgrade to BF6

-   Data-Out

    -   Iviewer: (JM)

        -   moving towards 0.7.0.

        -   rc to be built end of this week so we can test in IDR and
            > outreach

        -   ROI pagination + drag & drop as the 2 main features.

    -   Build:

        -   5.5 (JM)

            -   Ice 3.6 support only

            -   Decoupled build including Insight (Gradle): m3

            -   B-F 6.0.0

            -   Indexer: The 5.4 indexer has problems with the
                > Hibernate/Spring upgrade. The new simple stand-in
                > indexer now appears to behave adequately but will
                > require review and testing.

        -   Git work (Josh)

            -   Maintaining history of decoupled components

        -   Next (JM)

            -   Ice 3.7 requires several months work

            -   Investigate option of dropping Ice as the next priority,
                > otherwise will be dealing with multiple other upgrades
                > such as Python 3 at the same time

    -   Prep for Singapore workshop (JM)

        -   One week left for prep

-   Sysadmin:

    -   GPFS upgrade

        -   Need to schedule downtime for services incl. Downloads,
            > nightshadeâ€¦

        -   To be coordinated with LSC.

    -   Network upgrade

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   Microservice work incorporating some tiling updates, and image
        > region microservice (no Ice!), almost ready for production
        > testing

        -   Would support iviewer selecting tile sizes

-   Community

    -   Jason LA outreach 3 talks, 1x1h workshop

    -   Will: 20mins talk about IDR at Bioimage Analysis Satellite
        > Symposium at [<u>LMA
        > 2019</u>](https://www.lma2019conference.org/)

    -   Josh: Upcoming HCA imaging RFC at
        > [<u>https://github.com/HumanCellAtlas/dcp-community/</u>](https://github.com/HumanCellAtlas/dcp-community/)

        -   To be discussed

    -   Jason: Announcement of first user meeting soon

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
