Dundee: N/A

Remote: June, Josh, Simon, Frances, Mark, Emil, Andreas, David  
Will, Wilma, J-m, Melissa, Ola, Chris, Seb

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   ok

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR (Frances)

    -   Prod71 released; working on prod72

        -   Idr0067 on idr-testing. Working on rendering settings

-   Python3

    -   Reiteration of rollout plan.

        -   Early release by December (beta, alpha) that everyone can
            > start testing

        -   January: full release. Migrating to new stable line
            > maintained in terms of security

        -   Two months window for everyone to get upgraded

        -   Some concerns from GS about have some maintenance window
            > after the full release (3months)

            -   Chris: upgrading servers cost more than deploying a new
                > server incl. clients, applications, HPC
                > infrastructure. Python switch increases this cost

            -   Need to be upfront as possible

                -   Blog post

                -   Banner on the website

                -   Announcement entry

            -   Issue of other plugin developers (HMS items)

            -   Minor concerns about pathviewer

            -   Being upfront about what’s included on day 1

                -   Figure, iviewer, ...

        -   Concrete proposals:

            -   RC: Dec GA: Jan

            -   RC: Dec GA: Feb

    -   [<u>Announcement</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lpZWAvPBhod3EQrheV___5SRfL8K_5NQWVZpNn06F18/edit#)
        > going out. (Update website?)

    -   Upcoming Demos

        -   Tomorrow

            -   after standup - outreach-like (Will)

            -   Next week - VAE-like (J-m)

            -   \~26th - IDR-like (Jason?)

-   SA (learning/mail) - N/A

-   Glencoe - 14:22

    -   Chris: Working on conversion libraries for digpath formats

        -   Both pipelines are now working. Decided on 2-step process.

        -   Convert to intermediary formats (n5/zarr) - highly
            > concurrent, quickly compressible

        -   Writing to OME-TIFF in parallelized manner using supported
            > compression

        -   Cleaning repositories (licensing, etc.) then moving them
            > public

        -   Feedback to the n5/zarr communities

        -   Decisions to be made about ownership & branding;

            -   Whether there’s value in the intermediate form?

            -   What structure that format should have?

    -   Microservices

        -   Lots of work on in-memory data grid (backbone)

        -   Tracing is released and in the wild

        -   First big push will be a thumbnail service overhaul (2.0)

            -   And how to have that *inside* an OMERO (*sans*
                > microservices)

    -   Also some new formats, etc.

-   Community

    -   LifeTime:

        -   Josh:

            -   Dissociation of modalities between diagnostics and
                > discovery

            -   General understanding of the PFF problem.

            -   Work packages split into: sequencing / imaging / data

            -   Positive feedback on the clinical side

        -   J-m:

            -   Positive reception of VAE work

            -   Multiple docker images vs single image. Pros and cons of
                > both options

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
