Dundee: N/A

Remote: Seb, Josh, J-m, June, Andreas, Mark, Simon, Dominik, Riad

Emil, Liza, Wilma, Melissa, Chris, Jason, David

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest) - 14:01

    -   IDR gallery home page almost ready!

        -   Ready for testing. Testing caching / performance.

        -   Jason: perhaps a few glitches. Queries could be improved.
            > Mostly visible when loading the thumbnails.

        -   Looking for blockers for a first release (IDR) prior to
            > official press release.

    -   IDR and Bio-Formats 6

        -   Integrated Bio-Formats 6 into IDR Bio-Formats. Failing a few
            > format folders as expected

        -   Next: build OMERO 5.5. + Bio-Formats 6 + Bio-Formats IDR
            > custom changes

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   Intermittent search indexing bug fixed. Now works fine in
        > testing on eel and elsewhere.

    -   5.5.1 insight tagged
        > [<u>v5.5.1</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-insight/releases/tag/v5.5.1)

    -   5.5.0 scheduled for Thursday, now that we have all the pieces
        > working including search. Repo from model-gateway tagged on
        > Friday 5.5.0-rc3 with search deployed on eel-latest. No more
        > issues noticed.

    -   GitHub “board”
        > [<u>5.5.1</u>](https://github.com/orgs/ome/projects/1)
        > (Version is for overarching openmicroscopy)

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Learning: Mark now has VMware access. Investigating LDAP and web
        > configuration including [<u>Virtual Microscope
        > application</u>](https://github.com/ome/virtual-microscope).

    -   Discourse migration status

        -   No simple quote provided by Discourse for migration of
            > mailing lists (not vital since HTML is static so can be
            > copied to a new archive website) and phpbb.

-   Glencoe

    -   Updated Java in microservices

-   Community

    -   Josh in Köln: any other additions to pptx?

    -   GitHub repositories under ome organization: started migration of
        > Ansible roles. New roles tagged and published under the
        > Ansible Galaxy [<u>OME</u>](http://galaxy.ansible.com/ome)
        > namespace. Old roles & playbooks will remain functional.

    -   OMERO developer visitors

        -   2 people

        -   Alex (web questions) and Zhuan (Bio-Formats)

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Anything else?

-   Image.sc issue (mostly stand uppers, but all welcome)

    -   cF.
        > [<u>https://forum.image.sc/t/bfconvert-svs-to-tiff-reopen-bug/26452</u>](https://forum.image.sc/t/bfconvert-svs-to-tiff-reopen-bug/26452)

    -   [<u>https://openmicroscopy.slack.com/archives/C0K5EED3R/p1560244197336700</u>](https://openmicroscopy.slack.com/archives/C0K5EED3R/p1560244197336700)

    -   Josh: 3 strategies:

        -   Assign plugin on discourse (needs activation)

        -   Add tag (in-progress, needs-response)

        -   Make better use of the UI to find things

    -   Simon: same strategy as old forum i.e. list topics with new
        > replies in the last 4 days.

        -   Josh: no query allows to do that directly

    -   Also use solved

        -   Seb: all for using it more extensively

        -   Jason: danger of getting users angry i.e. who decide what is
            > solved?

        -   Chris: might need more collective moderation to stand up for
            > ourselves

    -   How to annotate something that has been recorded/captured?

    -   OME team account

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
