---
title: 2019-07-30
---

Dundee: Dom, Riad, J-m, Simon, Mark

Remote: Josh, Seb, Frances, Andreas, Wilma, David, Emil, Melissa, Liza,
Chris, Ola

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

No objections

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest) - Seb

    -   IDR 0.6.9:

        -   \~700 plates imported by the end of the week, thumbnails and
            > annotations next

        -   Last OMERO 5.4 IDR

    -   IDR 0.7.0:

        -   software upgrade prototype, drawing the roadmap to move to
            > prod70

        -   OMERO 5.5, no separate OMERO.server fork

        -   Need requirements for September OME workshop

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   Mostly work to integrate external tools like Fiji and iLastik,
        > to be shown at September workshop in conjunction with IDR
        > data.

    -   May investigate Weka and Knime.

    -   Will review existing documentation

-   Python3 (Josh)

    -   Freeze for decoupling

    -   Sanger will contribute to OMERO Python3 migration

    -   Full plan to be published next week

        -   Open question on how many repositories (OMERO.py/fs/web
            > split as starting point)

        -   Pip installable repositories.

        -   Usage of virtualenv to be reviewed

        -   Timelines - currently expecting end of October as most
            > likely target

        -   Probably moving towards beta release of OMERO.web with
            > Python 3 that can be tested

        -   Biggest gotchas: UTF-8, unicode

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Mark: New Virtual Microscope now in place at
        > [<u>https://learning.openmicroscopy.org/</u>](https://learning.openmicroscopy.org/).

        -   Old one is slowly dying due to hardware issues

    -   Old PHPBB community forum is being converted to static content

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   Working on tracing services, may have something ready next week

    -   Actively hiring

-   Community

    -   CZI proposals (OME Internal &gt; Proposals &gt; CZI) (Josh)

        -   Two proposals for review

        -   May publish redacted versions in public

    -   GitHub proposals (Seb)

        -   migrate openmicroscopy and bioformats repositories under the
            > OME organization

        -   create a [<u>top-level .github
            > repository</u>](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-default-community-health-file-for-your-organization#creating-a-repository-for-default-files)
            > (contributing, securityâ€¦)

        -   clean the members on the GitHub openmicroscopy organization

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
