Dundee: Will, Petr, Mark, Riad, June, Simon, Dom

Remote: Josh, Andreas, Frances, Jason, Melissa, David, Wilma, Emil

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   None

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest)

    -   Dom: idr0061 looks good. idr-next ready for publishing.
        > (Frances: +1)

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   OMERO 5.5.1

    -   Petr: omero-insight release? (knowledge of msi, exe is in his
        > hands)

        -   Needs release to consume the SSL fix

        -   Will be 5.5.3

        -   Josh - will open PR to consume SSL fix

    -   Nightshade/omero.lifesci (Will)

        -   What should the “study” name be? What metadata do we want?

        -   But viewer is broken! (Needs urgent fix)

        -   Petr: so complex that would revert all the PRs

            -   Config file interdependencies

        -   JRS: put it on pause? Petr: we are paused

        -   Simon: why broken? Petr: because API URL is not allowed (see
            > last week)

        -   Josh: we’re agreed that we want to rollback? Yes, but how?

        -   JRS: that works? Petr: yes, paused in good state.

        -   Simon: how to avoid this?

            -   Petr: result of not having a nightshade testing system

            -   JRS: agreed, reconvene for planning that

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Mark: [<u>Old
        > learning</u>](https://learning.openmicroscopy.org/) seems to
        > be down, can't even ssh into it; maybe from weekend network
        > disruption? [<u>New learning</u>](https://10.0.17.6/)
        > provisionally deployed but running more slowly than expected;
        > suspecting web config. [<u>New CLS
        > gallery</u>](https://10.0.17.5/) also deployed. With learning
        > performance questions no action on mail.

        -   JRS: happy to re-evaluate it. Yes, please.

    -   Josh: shutting down as soon as cycles are available

-   Glencoe - 14:17

    -   Chris: investigating deadlock situations under heavy load.

        -   Trying to find a PR-less solution. But follow-ups to upgrade
            > logback/metrics are coming.

    -   OMERO.web PRs are on their way. Different workflows for the
        > public user.

    -   Deltavision Ultra PR now opened. Milestones assigned. Feedback?
        > Melissa: likely today, hoping to have some passing files in
        > place.

-   Community

    -   Petr: pending email to nightshade users is ok’d. Self-service
        > for mtools fixes. Software center not fixed (Windows). Person
        > is on holiday.

    -   Help needs updating. Josh: will happy regularly with the OMERO
        > 5.5.1 release.

3. AOB - 14:23
--------------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Nada

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
