---
title: 2019-10-22
---

Dundee: N/A

Remote: Seb, Josh (notes), Dom, Mark, Frances, Andreas

J-m, Simon, David, Will, Wilma, Melissa, Petr, JRS, Emil

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   ok

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   Prod71 update (Frances)

        -   HPA run 6 in

        -   idr0069 almost ready (waiting on few missing annotations)

    -   Next datasets (Seb)

        -   Have been spreading last weeks of datasets around the
            > team.  
            > Thanks to everyone who has picked one up. Questions
            > welcome.

        -   Adding docs as we go.

            -   Will: if gdoc workflow as suggestion? Seb: if trivial,
                > just do it. If you aren’t sure, then suggestion &
                > ping.

            -   Needs general streamlining

    -   SAB (Seb)

        -   Mtg. is week from today.

        -   Presentation run-throughs on Thursday.

-   Python3 (Josh)

    -   Roadmap

        -   Python 2 (merge-ci) no major blockers except perhaps:

            -   tables int vs. long

                -   Chris: always had discrepancy between Java
                    > representation, DB representation and Python
                    > representation. Similar problem for
                    > floating-point.

                -   Need to decide where to default to in Python.
                    > Currently assuming int is the default unless long
                    > is requested

            -   Heisenbugs - local tests passing, same tests fail under
                > CI after waiting 4h

            -   Unicode also an issue but more under control. Have
                > solutions for any situation we’ve encountered so far

        -   Python 3 (py3-ci)

            -   py3-ci coming online

            -   Green flag on server-side

            -   Next: start a web deployment - currently blocked on a
                > iviewer issue

            -   Hoping to have integration tests running this week and
                > first assessment of the damage

        -   Django upgrade required for Python 3

            -   Propose going to 1.11. LTS supporting both Python 2 and
                > Python 3

            -   Down the road, go to Django 2 and later versions

        -   Manual testing ASAP (**mid-Nov target**)

            -   Might not be able to perform full testing.

        -   Robot would probably increase confidence.

            -   J-M to looking into re-enabling the tests

        -   External repositories like omero-metadata require clear plan

    -   Notes about getting started using 3 lines of code in python3
        > channel

        -   Expectation that the Python 3 work will have a nicer and
            > faster workflow to start a server

    -   GS backporting - on hold until things have stabilized?

        -   OMERO.py repository is in a good state. Mostly fixing tests.
            > Limited capacity for testing

        -   OMERO.web bugs?

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   CyberEssentials should have a two-week horizon moving forward
        > and twice yearly scans (**January**) @ETA?

    -   But in general we should be in a good, cleaned up state.

    -   And appreciation all around

-   Glencoe

    -   Projection restrictions

        -   Querying server capabilities

        -   Help bubbles on disabling

    -   Pyramid generation, etc. repos appearing soon

    -   New build infra for patch releases CI/CD of B-F PRs

-   Community - 14:39

    -   Seeing is Believing (Seb)

        -   Notes forthcoming. Infrastructure topics largely orthogonal

        -   NIH stated 3D/time-lapse cyclic (many channels) on its way

        -   Acknowledgement of what we’ve done is now possible

        -   But questions about the next generation, proof of core value

        -   Interest in Open Microscopy meeting (OSS labview)

    -   Everyone wants a Data Standard - 14:44 (JRS)

        -   Several meetings proposing new data standards

        -   e.g. 4-5 US (NIH) projects, EBI, Neuro. x 5 or more

        -   Attention & appreciation. How to align.

-   Funding - 14:48 (JRS)

    -   NIH 4D Nucleome Award with Jian Ma

        -   [<u>http://browser.nucleome.org/</u>](http://browser.nucleome.org/)

    -   CZI Application for Formats

    -   IM! For Digital Pathology

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   J-M: FYI I will prep figure release in the coming days so we can get
    > new version out now that test-infra is fixed

-   **Calendaring--** switching OME calendar over to Outlook?

    -   Mark: Definite lack of **Linux client support** for shared
        > *group* calendars but I can get into the habit of checking
        > Office 365 via web browser each morning instead.

    -   Interactive with the university: various people involved and
        > more are using the viewed status to create appointments.

    -   Outlook’ism: you have 1 calendar

    -   Need a solution that links better

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

Done: 15:03 UK
