---
title: 2019-09-24
---

Dundee: Will, Mark, Dominik, June, Jean-Marie, Simon, Petr,

Remote: Sebastien, Ola, David, Jason, Frances, Melissa, Andreas, Wilma,
Liza,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest)

    -   Hpa run 6 currently being imported. Expected to take 2 weeks.

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   Ongoing docs progress.

    -   Figure 4.1.0 release tomorrow or Thursday

    -   Looking at bridge Imaris to OMERO

        -   painful because of Ice version used by Imaris.

        -   Imaris connect to OMERO - menu item.

    -   More progress requires python3 for next step in Analysis (cf.
        > IDR call)

-   Python3

    -   Omero-py not ‘done’ yet for python3

    -   Can start to make progress updating Django first

-   SA

    -   Cyber-essentials - server patching 2 weeks limit from patch
        > release

    -   Will get e-mail notification if not patched in time

    -   Seb: try to get most production systems done ASAP (nightshade,
        > demo, workshop etc)

        -   Simon: need to schedule downtime.

        -   Mark: do less important servers first to ‘test’ patches

    -   Need to decide where to document process

    -   Jason: combine server lists, responsibilities/roles into one
        > place

-   Glencoe

    -   Chris & Emil on road

-   Community

    -   Simon: RSE conference: just as valuable as imaging conferences

        -   Interest in IDR

        -   Cloud infra contacts could help us

        -   See outreach trello card for details

    -   workshop.openmicroscopy.org server now up and running with
        > spacewalk

        -   Will be used for NZ workshop

    -   outreach.openmicroscopy.org to be used for Munich

        -   Simon: longer term, rebuild from scratch

    -   Jason at
        > [<u>https://hubmapconsortium.org/</u>](https://hubmapconsortium.org/)
        > meeting in SF

        -   Standardized on using OME-TIFF

        -   Single cell analysis discussions…

    -   June: workshops - arrivals 8.45 - 9.00, coffee in The Street.

        -   Jason Intro in Murray seminar room.

        -   Lunch at 12.30 - 4th floor Monday, Street Tuesday.

        -   Tuesday team meeting cancelled.

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
