Dundee: Will, Petr, Mark, Dominik, June,

Remote: Sebastien, Frances, Wilma, Chris, Andreas, Josh, Melissa, Emil,
Liza

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest)

    -   Bio-Formats 6.1.0 (David)

        -   Released yesterday. Updating all downstream versions. Should
            > be done by EOB

    -   IDR data loading - couple of HCS submissions blocked on
        > Bio-Formats (new file variants)

        -   To be discussed at the Formats meeting

    -   Scalability

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   Will/Gallery: ongoing PR with improvements for the handling of
        > particular studies (missing title, etc.).

        -   Should be showing up in web-dev-merge with necessary
            > IDR-specific config.

        -   Functionality won’t be changing substantially.

        -   Display of studies (hover with tooltip, etc) is still open.
            > What do we (not) want to show in that grid?

        -   Seb: looking to move it to idr resources (-testing), also
            > for performance reasons.

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Mark: reading through ansible docs and OME playbooks. (while
        > waiting on access to vmware … with the goal of creating a new
        > learning)

        -   Note: cls-gallery is not accessible.

        -   Josh: walking down to LifeSci computing is good

    -   Josh: image.sc / forums / mailing lists (dropped the ball on
        > gsuite)

        -   Announced - no complaints.

        -   Migration of content may be expensive

    -   Seb: CyberEssentials.

        -   Final red flags patched last week

        -   Final scan planned end of May

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   IDR gallery. Can’t access web-dev-merge externally for testing.

        -   Josh: could allow some IPs access..

    -   Webinar went well. Announce recordings soon. Appreciate retweets
        > etc.

    -   Working to get editorial out

-   Community

    -   Josh in Dundee next Thursday & Friday. Omer/Ola visit

    -   June

        -   ELMI (CZ)

        -   Users (UK)

    -   Sep

        -   INDEPTH (F)

    -   Oct

        -   \(D\)

    -   Nov

        -   (NZ)

    -   Jan/Feb

        -   \(F\)

        -   \(G\)

    -   i.e. roughly monthly (Petr: true for the past 2 years)

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Meeting room and AV. Is 3.23 and new AV setup ok?

    -   Feedback from externals would be helpful. Contact June or Jason.

    -   We are trying to procure improved AV solution (especially
        > improved video), currently blocked by procurement.

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

OMERO 5.5

-   PR freeze?

    -   Yes. Largely focusing on getting 5.5 out of the door.

    -   Repositories getting README added

    -   Dropping milestones suffixes next step. Worst case, re-release
        > components (i.e. point of the decoupling)

-   Remaining steps

    -   Few questions about PostgreSQL 10 todos.

    -   Ubuntu 18 support

    -   Testing BDV reading with BF

    -   Seb: note minor releases will break memo files. Will need
        > planning/coordination with FOrmats meeting

    -   Mark: installer / upgrade documentation since DB version ==
        > 5.4\_\_0

-   Outstanding build issues

    -   Had to delete Maven repository .m2 to build OMERO. Might need to
        > warn community.

    -   No build of the latest CI at the moment. Might hide problems
        > with the current state. Would be good to know if there are
        > particular concerns.
