Dundee: Dominik, Petr, Mark, Simon, Jason, Riad, June, Jason, JM

Remote: Frances, Josh, Seb, Wilma, Melissa, Andreas, Emil, Liza, David

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In

    -   [<u>IDR prod62</u>](https://trello.com/b/fPGFgNsf/idr-062): Two
        > new IDR datasets imported. Working on annotations.

        -   Dom: images for 0047 and 0053 are imported.

        -   Batch 3 of HPA going into idr-testing. Testing chown/chgrp
            > workflow.

-   Data-Out:

    -   Build column on
        > [<u>5.5.0</u>](https://trello.com/b/a1VdILbI/omero-550)

        -   JM: Still working on OMERO build system, aiming for a
            > working server by end of week

        -   JM: Updating runtime dependencies in deployment related
            > repos, but testing limited until Ice 3.7 works

        -   Potential next steps: extract Insight and Ice slice files

    -   [<u>VAE 0.5.3</u>](https://trello.com/b/xU6JxaeS/vae-053):

        -   upgrading to latest jupyter/jupyterhub by end of January.

        -   Upgrade of other dependencies

        -   Notebook work (including testability, porting other
            > notebooks into main repo)

        -   JM: R and Orbit should work

    -   Iviewer:

        -   working on OpenLayers upgrade. Getting ready for more work
            > on ROIs

        -   JM: Plan to get rid of Closure compiler and improve ROI
            > support

    -   EASTBIO workshop on Friday 11/01

        -   JM: Dundee workshop for students. Focus on Figure and Parade

-   Glencoe

    -   More microservice work, will be ported once open-source build
        > work is complete

-   Community

    -   HCA/SpaceTx: working towards 0.1.0. Documentation and usability
        > time. Upcoming face-to-face in Santa Cruz discussing imaging
        > use cases and the internal imaging file format.

        -   Josh: Working on docs prior to release. What are Bio-Formats
            > Series? Meeting in Feb to discuss image management, maybe.

    -   N5/Zarr emails and
        > [<u>https://www.scipy2019.scipy.org/</u>](https://www.scipy2019.scipy.org/)
        > (July 8-14)

        -   Josh: Conference call next week to discuss N5/Zarr
            > integration. SciPy proposed as a potential meeting
            > location

    -   UKLMF’19

        -   File formats

        -   IDR: facility provenance as annotation, quality control

        -   Seb: as always people using lots of different file formats
            > in different ways which may or may not work with OME.
            > Reference libraries are critical. Several groups/companies
            > working on standardising quality control, may need to be
            > stored in OMERO

        -   JM: Basel have a recent QC publication on a plugin

    -   Jason: Several different IDR presentations with different
        > emphases, would be worth going through them all

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic: **User Meeting, the Next Generation (Jason) - 14:23**
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Make choices for 2019 OME Meetings

1.  The Same Old Thing

    1.  It’s Great (focused target)

    2.  It Costs Alot

        1.  In £$

        2.  In Time (especially June and non-Wilma)

    3.  Alot of the same people (maybe good, maybe a problem)

    4.  Value vs Cost?

2.  Alternatives

    1.  2-3 User Training Sessions?

        1.  Rooms at Dalhousie

        2.  8-12 people per session

    2.  Deploying and Running OMERO for an Imaging Facility

    3.  Application Integration

        1.  The Dreaded Hackathon

    4.  Engaging with Vendors

        1.  OME-TIFF Usage and Integration

    5.  “Satellite” meetings (cF. Basel), may attract people local to
        > the meeting who can’t travel to Dundee

    6.  All these could be in-person, webinar, interactive Zoom, etc.

    7.  Periodically larger...?
