Dundee: Mark, June, Jean-marie, Simon, Petr, Dom, Will, Jason

Remote: Josh, Frances, Andreas, Liza, Chris, Wilma, Melissa, David

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest)

    -   Idr0022 thumbnailing complete

    -   Metadata annotations Screen B - some duplication? Needs checking

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   Minor bug in Fiji, Java8 when saving ROIs

    -   Quick release

    -   Continuing to work on migrating training gdocs to omero-guides.

        -   Will soon start moving notebooks and other materials into
            > guide repos

-   Python3

    -   All repositories published as dev versions. Would still like to
        > get GA versions of 5.5.1 for phase 1 (or potentially skip
        > them).

    -   Currently working on the build-infra side of things using
        > py3-ci. 1-2 days and then merge-ci should be updated and all
        > non-feature PRs can start being merged.

    -   Fixing warnings

    -   Testing on new py3 ci.

    -   When green, can return to merge testing everything.

    -   Until then, merge-ci is missing current PRs merging

    -   Then need to discuss updating various repos to Python 3.

    -   Will: omero-web unit tests - need help (Import Errors)

-   SA (learning/mail)

-   Glencoe

    -   More tracing microservices work. Trying to get into mainline
        > OMERO.web middleware.

    -   JMX - trying to track down deadlock conditions.

    -   Scripts for working with regions in OME-XML, parsing companion
        > files. Working in Java.

        -   Looking at reusing some importer components

    -   Decoupling Bio-Formats - tricky to track code. Move decoupled
        > docs more prominently?

        -   [<u>https://docs.openmicroscopy.org/bio-formats/6.1.0/developers/components.html</u>](https://docs.openmicroscopy.org/bio-formats/6.1.0/developers/components.html)

-   Community

    -   Petr travelling to Lisbon tomorrow. Workshop Thursday & Friday.

    -   Dundee workshop - looking at organisation of workshops to cover
        > user requests

        -   2 new delegates

        -   Will circulate program to participants

        -   Chat on Thursday after standup

        -   See
            > [<u>https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iIMtv2HUIZrqg8qD98Toaut6tmGeUfcXaBcpzNM9oHA/edit</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iIMtv2HUIZrqg8qD98Toaut6tmGeUfcXaBcpzNM9oHA/edit)

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

\- Grants submitted, CZI and EU.

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
