Dundee: Dom, Simon, Petr, Jason, Riad, June,

Remote: Mark, Josh, Will, Frances, J-m, Melissa, Liza, Chris, Emil,
David

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   ok

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In

    -   Prod63: HPA run 03 images still importing.

    -   idr0050 (Springer), reorganising data to improve visualisation
        > in IDR

-   Data-Out

    -   Possible 5.4.10?

        -   JM: Java fix in place, CI infrastructure needs to be
            > modified this week for release

    -   Gradle Build/decoupling

        -   JM/Riad: Few remaining blockers: pyramids generation and
            > search (tests failing), other tests passing.

    -   VAE:

        -   Upgraded ome-lochy (internal). Tested yesterday

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   More microservice work

    -   Planning some Bio-Formats work

-   Community

    -   RIKEN (Josh)

        -   Call this morning regarding ongoing RDF work (see gitlab)

        -   Will be identifying potential scientific use cases for “RDF
            > in OME”

        -   Plan to continue work on flexibly storing metadata with RDF,
            > need to link RDF terms with OME-XML terms on a ome/design
            > issue

    -   HCA (Josh):

        -   discussions with zarr developers: new
            > [<u>zarr-specs</u>](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-specs)
            > repository with language agnostic design

        -   upcoming with HDF (28th) and HCA (\~5th) engineers

        -   Several companies taking part in discussions

        -   New OME-ZARR file format?

    -   French meeting in progress

    -   User/training meetings (Jason):

        -   Dates being discussed

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Josh/Mark: Any non-identifying aggregate data to gather regarding
    > old demo server users before deleting their data? Could delete
    > just underlying image files but inconsistently leave objects in
    > database intact.

    -   JRS: number of logins

    -   JMB: institutional opted in or not? Who did anything? (will that
        > improve after we start adding public data)

    -   Tl;dr

        -   Backup

        -   Get cleaned up

        -   Identify ongoing (anonymized) queries

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
