Dundee: Zoom

Remote: Seb, Josh, Mark, June, Dom, Riad, Frances, Melissa, Chris,
Wilma, David, Liza,

> Emil, Andreas

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12KVCqkW1PJm0pwtTtRb3ocuYXjYCNXsUv1RqfCrKBqg/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   Ok.

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest) - 14:00

    -   IDR 0.6.9: loading very large screen (\~700 plates) for upcoming
        > release

        -   Largely waiting on server

    -   IDR 0.7.0

        -   Testing Bio-Formats upgrade in CI environment.

        -   Deploying to EBI test resource next to confirm all studies
            > load

        -   Few studies planned for publication post-upgrade

    -   Bio-Formats 6.2.0 released last week

        -   Small patch release to follow-up.

-   Data-Out (UI/Search) - 14:02

    -   Josh: Releasing PSQL fix as OMERO 5.5.2 ?

        -   ALternative was proposed by Simon on image.sc : export
            > script generated in patched environment. Can be re-used
            > e.g. in Ubuntu.

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Mark: Paul Felts reviewing
        > [<u>https://134.36.66.46/</u>](https://134.36.66.46/) before
        > we replace
        > [<u>https://learning.openmicroscopy.org/</u>](https://learning.openmicroscopy.org/)
        > with it.

        -   More testing before switch over.

        -   Josh: applying gallery to omero.lifesci? Mark: new
            > sls-gallery

            -   Worth discussing when everyone is back to agree on the
                > overall direction.

    -   Production devspaces stabilization (Seb)

        -   Updating the systems to behave.

        -   Have started to run out of disk-space, etc.

        -   Open question of what and how we monitor these systems, so
            > that they donâ€™t fall over (again) especially with everyone
            > now depending on them.

-   Glencoe - 14:08

    -   Looking into ways to instrument how microservices are working.

    -   Trying to get information about events without having to parse
        > logs on large deployments

    -   Raises questions about what kind of context information should
        > be enabled in tracing output

        -   Josh: library choice (zipkin over jaeger, etc)

            -   Chris: jaeger fits in nicely with the cloud ecosystem.
                > Zipkin is a good starting point for classic
                > applications.

            -   Might move into open tracing interface which allows to
                > swap the backend

            -   [<u>https://opentracing.io/docs/supported-tracers/</u>](https://opentracing.io/docs/supported-tracers/)

        -   Hiring people

-   Community - 14:12

    -   Indepth asking for recommendation of video conferencing software
        > for their workshop. Any ideas? See [<u>Trello
        > card</u>](https://trello.com/c/S2oroHER/255-indepth-omero-training-and-tagathon-to-store-3d-plant-images)
        > or [<u>\[training-support\]
        > email</u>](https://lists.openmicroscopy.org.uk/mailman/private/training-support/2019-July/000105.html).

        -   Seb: use our Zoom might be the easiest. Also less
            > preparation for ourselves

        -   Josh: might need to activate webinar

        -   Chris: for up to \~10-15 people, standard meeting is fine.

    -   Josh: grant proposal for BF (next generation) and OMERO
        > federation (downloader,uploader) to be sent around

        -   Lots of associated work around stats. Hopefully Can generate
            > them on a weekly/monthly basis

        -   Need to look into upgrade information for Bio-Formats ImageJ
            > plugin

    -   Developer workshop draft

        -   Amending to cover OME metadata discussions with interest
            > from parties in Japan & Germany

        -   [<u>https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FGOG2H-KZK\_fzJmtPxSffaMoPcPWuUDk2lzFyULQZyo/edit</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FGOG2H-KZK_fzJmtPxSffaMoPcPWuUDk2lzFyULQZyo/edit)
            > for review

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)
