Dundee: OWL!, J-m, June, Mark, Dom, Petr, Simon, Will, Riad,

Remote: Seb, Josh, Frances, Andreas, Melissa, Liza, David, Chris, Wilma

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest)

    -   IDR: Provisional release date for prod70/OMERO 5.5: 16-SEP-2019

        -   incl . OMERO 5.5 + BF 6.

        -   Roadmap planned for summer.

    -   2 new Datasets linked to up-coming publications.

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   OMERO 5.5 released

    -   TODO: fix installation docs.

    -   Gallery released!

        -   Need to remove IDR-specific code. Reusable by other
            > installs.

        -   Will: looking at moving to a JS framework (React &gt;
            > Aurelia)

        -   Seb: use gallery for learning server? E.g. browse courses.

    -   Preparing playbooks to update systems - outreach, demo, then
        > prod systems.

        -   Also update web apps. Especially on demo.

    -   Josh: need longer discussion on omero-downloader. E.g. start
        > design issue

        -   Especially for UI design

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Learning

        -   Mark: Figured out more web configuration. Simon introduced
            > me to VMware. Will is looking at a [<u>login redirection
            > issue</u>](https://github.com/ome/virtual-microscope/issues/12)
            > for the index of courses. Next to migrate the testing I
            > did on OpenStack over to VMware. Asked Help4U for
            > Spacewalk access to OME resources.

        -   Deadline - July 31st should be plenty of time

    -   Image.sc: shared account as noted. Any feedback?

        -   Can configure for e-mail notifications.

    -   Google suite for e-mail lists. Mark and Josh to work on this

-   Glencoe

    -   Chris: investigating removing checkLocation from the import
        > workflow

    -   Docker containers for microservices. Omero-ms-thumbnails /
        > image-region

    -   Use for BF memo in IDR 0.7.0?

-   Community

    -   Cologne:
        > [<u>notes</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K3xzoB7Bj_EXmEePBwEP_F4rqdHTpHDcbnNY_Qjkf6A/edit#)

        -   Happy to discuss any of the various items, or we await an
            > ordered list.

        -   Largest discussion point is likely the marketing strategy

            -   Install issues and getting users involved

            -   Document various workflows - similar to walkthroughs

            -   Migrate ‘help’ pages to main documentation?

            -   Will: creating and updating training walkthroughs in
                > gdocs is easier than ‘help’

            -   Josh: users have a hard time finding docs in various
                > places

            -   Petr: search in help pages not working well

            -   Chris: similar feedback about users not knowing that
                > there *is* training material. Part of overall web
                > findability issue.

            -   Chris: google search doesn’t find various docs very well

            -   Simon: use ‘readthedocs’ for everything? Easier
                > deployment etc.

            -   Josh: ‘help’ will be migrated elsewhere.

                -   Unity is important for users. Currently big split
                    > www vv sphinx

        -   Next meeting to be in Sept. in Osnabrück

    -   Brno/ELMI workshop (Petr)

        -   Best attended. Popular. 22 & 23 people.

        -   S3 interest.

        -   Several deep dives of up to an hour.

    -   Dundee training (Petr)

        -   Small group but active participants

        -   Feedback - usual suspects: downloader, parade, tables,
            > image-image links (provinance/workflows) etc.

    -   Planning:

        -   Montpellier - January

        -   NZ - November 2019

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

**Done: 14:40**
