Dundee: Jason, June, Jean-Marie, Dom, Petr,

Remote: Frances, Melissa, Josh, Ola, Seb, Wilma, David,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16mZprpCG3M8DMk2qzdQwuZUF3xp885_leA1QVUEFUGw/edit)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest)

    -   Prep prod70.

        -   J-M deployed and will go through cache regeneration

        -   Datasets: Idr0022 ongoing

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   On-going prep for workshop in september.

    -   Splitting up the documentation in

    -   Iviewer release pending video prep so probably later on this
        > week then figure release

        -   Technological choice for video. Jason: using Zoom
            > extensively

    -   Beatriz Serrano invited to give a talk about connecting to IDR

        -   16th of Sep. during the IDR call (Monday)

    -   J-m: Ilastik in notebook working. Trying to get that online.

-   Python3 (Josh)

    -   Technical call last week about state of the repositories

    -   omero-py ready to be decoupled

    -   omero-web *slowly* filter-branching (etc+py+web)

    -   Splitting omero-py tests in the meantime:

        -   [<u>example
            > repo</u>](https://github.com/joshmoore/omero-python-tests/commit/d0501693314b52fe2d0bf16ac64e6f20d424de0c)

        -   [<u>proposed naming
            > spreadsheet</u>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FRx-ELW2gG0T2d5JNZPBDAhSNAgdToSiwNU3KxXyWxM/edit#gid=0)

    -   Openmicroscopy

        -   Assuming all Python PRs closed, could open PR removing all
            > omero-py code today

        -   Proposing that owners reopen their own PRs against new
            > repositories. Link back to original PR for context

        -   Similar OMERO.web PR to be opened soon

-   SA (learning/mail)

-   Glencoe

    -   Jason: lots of discussion on process and how to handle customers
        > effectively.

    -   Lots of exposure to internal IT policies

    -   GS planning to run its own Bio-FOrmats integration probably in
        > some cloud environment

-   Community

    -   Closing registrations on the 15th

    -   Ongoing discussions about hosting next OME meeting at Sanger

    -   

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
