Dundee: June, Simon, Petr, Dom, Jason, Mark, J-m, Will, Riad,

Remote: Josh, Andreas, Frances, Melissa, Liza, Wilma, David, Chris,
Emil,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest)

    -   Idr 61 started on prod68

    -   Idr0056 imported again with B-F changes. Looking good

    -   Prod68 only idr0061 - import done next week. Released 9th July.

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   All servers upgraded to 5.5 yesterday.

        -   Delay in OMERO.insight update for lifesci users

            -   Can we do more ourselves?

            -   Avecto Defendpoint

        -   Postgres 9.6.13 fixes. Travis builds etc now working.

            -   Postgres release soon?

    -   Gallery

        -   Will: was porting prototype to a more extensible (&c)
            > framework.

            -   JRS: strategy is to load more data upfront?

                -   Concerned about that approach in the IDR

                -   At least in context of IDR, those type of pages end
                    > up spinning and spinning (hotel wifi, etc)

                -   Not *yet* slower, but worried about the balance.

                -   Will: amount of JSON data loaded up-front is not
                    > very big for current smallish number of studies

        -   Focusing now in the short-term on changes to use existing
            > app elsewhere

            -   E.g. omero.lifesci.dundee.ac.uk

            -   Then what metadata will be available on nightshade for
                > gallery to use?

            -   JRS: have already heard from people who want it

    -   [<u>Training summer
        > plan</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_AiwPDlvpKTAIzD_AcNpOEBtZ07nWSGhUAYmbFKlRE4/edit#)
        > (JM)

        -   List of 3rd party tools we currently support and are
            > thinking of adding to workshops

        -   Upcoming workshops are more advanced user/developer
            > audiences.

        -   Include some coverage of file formats and OME model.

        -   More hackathon style - needs good prep and OME team:
            > delegate ratio

        -   Might need specific team members, depending on topics. E.g.
            > David for formats?

        -   Jason: topics will depend on who comes and what they’re
            > interested in.

            -   Topics from doc: Image Analysis, Web apps, File Format,
                > Model.

        -   Jason: lots to cover. Maybe File-formats could be done
            > separately?

        -   Jason: will discuss dates with June and send out e-mail.
            > Proposed date October not yet announced.

        -   Jason: please say when we’ve got enough training sessions
            > booked

        -   JM: December is still free!

    -   

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Mark: Learning VMware testbed up on
        > [<u>https://10.0.17.7/</u>](https://10.0.17.7/) seems to be
        > working well. This week planning to deploy Learning and CLS
        > Gallery onto intended final destination systems, document
        > exactly how I did that, and have Paul Felts test new-Learning
        > out (by next week) while I shift attention to setting up
        > Google Suite for receiving mail.

    -   Josh: forums (read-only) / mailing list (auto-response)?

        -   Waiting for current mail/forum threads to complete before
            > shutting down

        -   Will set to “moderate” so we can point users to image.sc

        -   To prepare e-mail etc.

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   Investigations: mapping Hibernate events. Setup searching etc.

    -   File format updates - will be made public soon

    -   Returning to OMERO.parade work - designs etc.

-   Community

    -   Formats blog post out. (...found another file format:
        > [<u>exdir</u>](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fninf.2018.00016/full)
        > in neuroscience community)

    -   Josh: some more re-tweeting to do.

-   Jason: report from the field:

    -   Invited to workshop in US - lots of OMERO users.

    -   Good adoption of OME-TIFF etc by commercial users

    -   Apeer (by Zeiss) - cloud-based image analysis tool.

        -   Up to 1TB of free space on Azure

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Josh: Feedback on priorities e-mail?

    -   JRS: iviewer on lifesci

    -   Petr: iviewer on public omero - needs JSON api to be public,
        > includes e-mail addresses.

    -   Chris: have changes to backport.

        -   One option is to duplicate the endpoints for the public user
            > to whitelist individually.

        -   Simon: does that require changes in webapps? Dunno.

        -   NB: also *detecting* that one is in the publisher

    -   Actions:

        -   Bring back old viewer (or open public API on public user -
            > needs investigation)

        -   Port GS changes

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
