---
title: 2019-05-28
---

Dundee: Will, Jason, Petr, Mark, Riad, Dominik, Simon, June,

Remote: Sebastien, Frances, Josh, Jean-Marie, Chris, Melissa, Wilma,
Liza, David, Andreas

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI) t
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest)

    -   IDR

        -   Metadata: re-annotation of all studies to feed into the UI

            -   Will: release dates?

            -   Seb: will initially add this for 10 most recent

        -   Submissions: new set of 1000 HPA antibodies ready to go,
            > looking into another submission including 3D ROIs &
            > features

        -   Next: increasing number of submissions requiring upgraded
            > software OMERO 5.5/Bio-Formats 6. Scalability
            > (rendering/thumbnail parallelization)

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   All repos up gateway have been tagged to 5.5.x (no more mXX)

        -   Documentation in progress

        -   Openmicroscopy 5.5.0-rc1 tested yesterday. One problem due
            > to the fact it was deployed on eel (Python 2.6). Josh is
            > working on latest-ci. Next release will be deployed on
            > that server so no false negative

        -   Java 11 regression noticed end of last week (5.4 works 5.5.
            > server could not start). PR opened [<u>omero-server
            > \#51</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-server/pull/51) to
            > fix the issue. Plan is to include it in 5.5 if no
            > side-effect (no major problem expected)

        -   Doc/website PR under review. Aim to have everything merged
            > by end of the week

        -   [<u>5.5. Blog post
            > draft</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ScOJZ4PkBS1tk8oX4htBW09-wJquyKUBovFzeUhUHT4/edit#)

            -   Feedback welcome on statements about production quality

        -   “Release” mode next week

        -   New “latest-ci” setup similar to merge-ci

            -   Petr: what data? Migrate

            -   Josh: OK, but need more hands to help.

            -   JM: Discuss tomorrow after standup?

    -   Gallery (Will)

        -   Some disagreement about the different results

        -   Layout the search results for mapr terms in a table

        -   Improve the understanding that they are different from study
            > returns

-   SysAdmin (learning/mail)

    -   Mark: learning playbooks etc.

        -   Simon: to allow access to VMware

    -   Mail: Activity moved to image.sc forums.

        -   Soon to block new posts. Then block comments on existing
            > threads

        -   More investigation to migrating forums into image.sc

        -   Next to look at e-mail lists migration. Can’t START a new
            > thread on image.sc via e-mail. Spam protection.

        -   Petr: which lists moving? A: ome-devel and ome-users.

        -   [<u>https://www.openmicroscopy.org/support/</u>](https://www.openmicroscopy.org/support/)
            > to get updated (PR open)

        -   Jason: yet to decide schedule to disable posts, comments and
            > migration.

    -   Riad: Trello status?

        -   Trying to reduce number of boards

        -   Seb: closing old boards. Can’t create new board.

        -   Created new internal Trello team for release boards.

        -   Simon: use GitHub projects as a replacement?

            -   Josh: yes, could work well.

-   Glencoe

    -   Various support issues: e.g. large in-place import performance.
        > Sym-linking lots of files.

        -   Improve transfer phase by 50%

        -   Seb: use parallel file transfer (used for IDR)?

    -   Microservices focus.

        -   SSL in Java8 issues.

-   Community

    -   ELMI next week in Brno. Jason & Petr.

    -   5 delegates for day-3 of workshop.

        -   Jason: need slack channel and space / desks in office.

        -   Also: gdoc to collect requirements from users

    -   Ola and Omar visiting - Thursday and Friday.

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
