Dundee: Petr, Mark, Simon, Dom, Riad, June,

Remote: Josh, Frances, J-m, Seb, Andreas, Liza, Dominik, Wilma, Chris,
Will, David, Melissa, Emil

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In

    -   IDR 0.6.2 (Dom)

        -   idr0053-faas-virtualnanoscopy/experimentA  
            > Ready. Needs sign-off.

        -   idr0047-neuert-yeastmrna/experimentA  
            > Issue: Github repository is mixed case:
            > idr0047-neuert-yeastmRNA.  
            > Rename?  
            > Jason to suggest better rendering settings today.

-   Data-Out

    -   Build. See Main topic

    -   Iviewer (Will)

        -   Openlayer upgrade ongoing, simplifies build by removing
            > clojure step. Full app review later this week.

        -   Feedback from Mike [<u>GH
            > issues</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-iviewer/issues)

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   Merged some image transformation stuff, more microservice work

    -   Backbone work on MS core

    -   Next: thumbnail work

-   Community

    -   Petr: EAST-BIO course (Scottish PhD students) last week went
        > fine

    -   Jason: no feedback on new meetings proposal

        -   Josh: wants a regular schedule

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic - [<u>Gradle build Part 1</u>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pgvj2aWlhSvloVlyt0yLMl2aBGWbOJogKULiXMA7e0Q/edit#slide=id.p)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

From Gradle to grave

-   Discussion:

    -   Only one of IntelliJ vs Eclipse vs NetBeans will be supported

    -   Chris: Need to version subcomponents using a more descriptive
        > name than SNAPSHOT otherwise will have a mess of SNAPSHOTS for
        > different components.

        -   Josh: SNAPSHOTS will only be created in local builds, all
            > other build artifacts should be properly versioned

    -   Chris: If done correctly shouldn’t need to have multiple
        > cross-components concurrent PRs, which should make testing
        > easier

        -   JM: Beware changing NetCDF version

        -   Riad: Hibernate not bumped, Spring bumped to latest 4.x
            > release

    -   Seb: What’s “OMERO”? What’s included?

        -   Mark: Whatever submodules are in omero-build?

        -   Josh: server version only

    -   Josh: Version jars, OMERO python components, etc.

        -   Chris: 1.0.0-SNAPSHOT for everything?

        -   Seb: propose 5.5.0-m1?

    -   JM: could do with some help on fixing tests

    -   Seb: Demonstrate that Bio-Formats 6 and OMERO 5.5 Gradle work is
        > compatible

    -   Josh: Future developer training sessions?

    -   Josh: If everyone’s happy [<u>decoupled
        > PR</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/openmicroscopy/pull/5934)
        > could be merged now?
