---
title: 2019-05-14
---

Dundee: Petr, Dom, Jason, J-M, Mark, Simon, Will, Ilaria

Remote: Seb, Josh, Frances, Melissa, David, Riad, Andreas,

Start: 2:00 pm

0. Setting up meeting
---------------------

-   Video: not doing anything at the moment

-   Audio:

    -   JRS: Testing new microphone setup for Tuesday meetings, may buy
        > an Owl

    -   Easier setup & hopefully better audio

    -   Smaller room

    -   Looking at multi-directional mic plus camera

-   Ilaria introduction (penguins, dolphins, sea lions, albatrosses, oh
    > my ...)

    -   In the OME office

    -   Introduced to OMERO \~1 year ago in environmental science

    -   Looking for data services and tools for people

    -   Needed to review compatibility with ownâ€™s primary type of data

    -   Also integrating with tools like Orbit, Fiji. Scripting next
        > thing to investigate

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

No objections

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In (Ingest)

    -   Bio-Formats 6.1 (David)

        -   Most PRs merged, writing up release notes

        -   Aim: release this week or early next

        -   Integrated with OMERO 5.5, pyramid bug is fixed

    -   Need to writeup benefits of new BF in OMERO e.g. new formats,
        > dependency bumps which fix bugs, etc

-   Data-Out (UI/Search)

    -   OMERO 5.5 Docs

        -   Aim to release at end of month

    -   UI (Will)

        -   Implemented most required features for first version of IDR
            > gallery

        -   Now refactoring code

        -   Need to review config options for gallery

        -   Josh: get large PR in and build incrementally?

        -   Jason: still internal?

    -   IDR Metadata (Seb): Reorganising existing top-level keys-values

    -   Search: N/A

<!-- -->

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Jason: Summary of [<u>yesterdayâ€™s
        > discussion</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N34J-WpsrLnEHRpknYp-sYS6MFod5dwmAKZAb91VAFo/edit#)

        -   Limited resources but looking into a junior sysadmin

        -   For now distribute current tasks, and reduce number of
            > existing tasks

        -   Kill Necromancer, aim for end of July:

            -   Move mailing lists and phpBB to Discourse image.sc

            -   Move email handling to Google org

    -   Josh/Mark: Mail plan

        -   Turn on Google Apps, turn off mailman and phpbb

    -   Josh: Discourse update

        -   Team, emojis, etc. (see
            > [<u>https://forum.image.sc/g/ome</u>](https://forum.image.sc/g/ome)
            > )

        -   Updated the \#image\_sc channel

        -   Seeing if migrating existing posts is possible, otherwise
            > existing forum and lists will be made read-only

        -   Ome team created. Have all the team joining

        -   Raises questions about standup process i.e. what counts as
            > an answer? How inclusive do we want to be if someone else
            > from the community answer?

    -   Josh: merge-ci. Thoughts? Time to start turning off jobs?

        -   No objections to turning off jobs. Will start going from the
            > bottom.

        -   If you notice a missing job add it to devspace/merge-ci

    -   Simon/Mark/Dom: Move virtual microscope to VMware, consider
        > including read-only server in setup.

        -   Option one: New VM deployed with Ansible, standard
            > OMERO.server/OMERO.web

        -   Option two: New VM running Docker, OMERO.server-readwrite,
            > OMERO.server-readonly cluster and OMERO.web in Docker

        -   In future might need to allow writing, e.g. for examining
            > students

<!-- -->

-   Glencoe

    -   Webinar today ðŸ’¯

-   Community

    -   FYI: ome-model discussion tomorrow (Josh)

        -   Notes etc. in [<u>"Arch. & Design" &gt; "ome-model
            > 2019"</u>](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1zdQ7ZT4ymDNZbVRtg5RdEVn-vJxXFjlq)
            > folder

    -   GitHub repository migration from openmicroscopy to ome
        > organization (Seb)

        -   Includes all public repositories. IDR organization unchanged

        -   Goals: unification, simplification, team management, search

        -   Old GitHub links will be redirected to the new URLs

        -   Main impact are the external deployments (PyPi, Galaxy,
            > DockerHub)

    -   Next training sessions:

        -   Brno, Cz, June 2019

        -   UoD workshops, June 2019

        -   Freising (Munich), October 2019

        -   New Zealand, November 2019

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
