---
title: 2019-03-19
---

Dundee:

Remote: Josh, Seb, Will, June, Simon, Frances, Mark, Melissa, Dom, Riad,
(10)  
Kevin, Andreas, David, Wilma, Chris

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   Data-In

    -   IDR 0.6.x roadmap

        -   Release today including multiplexed mass cytometry image (27
            > channels) ðŸŽ‰

        -   HPA run 4 + condensins datasets next

    -   Bio-Formats 6.1.0

        -   Work on HCS testing infrastructure

-   Data-Out

    -   Insight-m1 (decoupled) scheduled later this week (Josh):

        -   Currently under test. Version issue to tackle (not insight
            > related)

        -   Works fairly well apart from Linux

        -   Artifacts to be available on GitHub (releases) when a tag is
            > pushed

    -   Insight-m2 (Riad):

        -   Riad working on packaging the app for Windows and Mac (no
            > good open-source frameworks)

    -   Devspace & training (Josh)

        -   Devspace being tested (full merge build workflow), then
            > needs rolling out.

        -   Target Thursday AM for the discussion on how to use the new
            > system? (or Friday?). Need to decide what everyone wants
            > to know

-   Sysadmin: Cyberessentials work in progress

    -   Not hearing back from them. May need to elevate.

-   Glencoe (Chris)

    -   Getting microservices into Docker for customer who wants OMERO
        > on an air-gapped Kubernetes cluster

-   Community

    -   HCA: April 22-26 in Seattle. Ola likely to join as well.

    -   Seb: workshop registration closed?

    -   June: J-m working on program. Buy-At shop coming for payment.

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Will: when do we discuss IDR UI?
    > [<u>https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/100</u>](https://github.com/openmicroscopy/design/issues/100)

-   Josh: Should be split into smaller issues for discussion and
    > prioritisation but high-level discussion can happen first if
    > useful

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
