---
title: 2020-03-03
---

Dundee: N/A

Remote: Simon, Seb, Jason, June, Mark, Frances, Dom, Wilma, Liza, Josh,
David, Melissa, Emil,

> Kevin, Jason, Ola, Chris

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   Prod80 OMERO 5.6.0 is live on the temporary VMWare EBI tenancy!

    -   Also 2 new datasets and ROIs for the honeybee study

    -   Working on the next release. Datasets list not completely
        > definite

    -   EBI migration went well. Embassy cloud shutting down next week
        > for migration.

-   Next release

    -   No one’s vetoed the current state. Probably ready for release?
        > Dates TBC.

    -   Light admin docs need to be updated.

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Received VMware renewal quotes, waiting for GPFS

    -   2 (openstack) servers are turned off. Easiest way to get them
        > back in use is to VMWare them (if affordable). Have gone from
        > 1 to 4 outreach servers. CentOS 6 is end-of-life. May need the
        > capacity soonish. (Could take 3 months to get the quotes…)

    -   Josh: advantage of bare metal for benchmarking

    -   Simon: could migrate devspaces to VMWare

    -   Feedback welcome.

-   Glencoe

    -   Webinar announcement for 17 March, aimed at Europe and Asia

    -   Still working on next OMERO upgrade

-   Community

    -   Funding (Jason)

        -   AI4LIFE

        -   

        -   4DNucleome-- Connecting OMERO with a genome browser

        -   Next gen file formats

        -   Mini-IDR for multiplex imaging data

    -   Update on OME Community Meeting
        > [<u>Agenda</u>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qbkkBvpSzv2adT4uNMcJmv12KPlp5I3yv0Hxl73O3Gw/edit#gid=0)
        > (Jason)

        -   Day 1: Topic: Public image resources

        -   Day 2: General workshops

        -   Please review

    -   Project Management Meeting next week, several Non-Dundee people
        > in Dundee

        -   Extended OME Team Meeting Next week

            -   Calendaring

            -   Talking Fridays (knowledge sharing)

            -   Priorities for remainder of 2020

    -   CZI EOSS Meeting Summary (Jason & Josh)

        -   Quite good. Intersection of Python projects (pandas,
            > matplotlib..) + imaging people (Micro-Manager, QuPath,
            > ImageJ)

        -   [<u>https://chanzuckerberg.com/eoss/proposals/</u>](https://chanzuckerberg.com/eoss/proposals/)

        -   Ended up being more about helping projects being good
            > governing bodies

        -   Groups like Mozilla Foundation & Software Carpentries
            > talking about soft skills (values, missions…).

            -   Useful to write down what we probably know implicitly

            -   Includes governance and code of conduct

        -   Project reviewed proposals and produced metrics.

            -   [<u>https://chaoss.community/</u>](https://chaoss.community/)

            -   Investigated how to increase community contributions

        -   Talk about image pyramids in Zarr. Proposed writing down the
            > specification (every implementation uses the same binary
            > layout w/o official spec)

        -   Primary issue with CoC is heterogeneity. Applies to very
            > different types of organizations: individuals, people
            > employed in Universities, people part of foundations

    -   RIKEN (Jason & Josh)

        -   Two cities/two meetings.

            -   Shuichi looked into Galaxy/IDR. Conversation about
                > mirroring IDR to Japan, even partial. Topics might
                > come back during the OME Community meeting

            -   Norio/RDF.

            -   Will RDF and HQL work together?

            -   Federation returns!

    -   EDI/Pathology (Josh)

        -   Potential driver for ROI folders to allow multiple people
            > e.g. pathologists to compare their own ROIs

        -   Discussion on long term future of atlas resources

        -   Other potential common interests: 3D API for pixels,
            > separating ROIs for flexibility

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
