---
title: 2020-08-04
---

Attending: Jason, Josh, Petr, Wilma, J-m (Notes), Mark, Frances, June,
Andreas, Dominik,

> Talley Lambert, Simon, Kevin, Erin, Chris, Juna Nuñez-Iglesias,
> Melissa

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9Xg53EhqUycZEVHclBwRHNFRGM)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   Preparing for next release:

        -   Another covid dataset depending on time + 1 or 2 studies
            > depending on testing

-   NGFF

    -   Masks status

        -   [<u>Final
            > PR</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-ms-zarr/pull/60)
            > opened for the first round of labeled images incl. Color
            > support, etc.

            -   On disk named as “masks”, name to be modified

        -   No support for overlap or multiscales

        -   In investigating multiscales, unsure what viewers are going
            > to do

    -   Masks future work

        -   Likely to change name/folder from “masks” to “labels”

        -   Add in multiscale

        -   Extend colors specification

        -   Support links to external data sources

    -   Metadata (provenance, etc.) - repeat of [<u>last
        > week</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HLpIUVJQrfH_km9D9ibqF2pFCrXS5yCS-bC9LjShpvQ/edit)

        -   Location for storing “mask author” (ORCID, etc)

            -   Provenance: who did what, using which tool/version

        -   In terms of getting the JSON formatting correct, will also
            > look at basic metadata:

            -   Image name, physical pixel size

            -   Dimension order, channel names,

            -   Copyright information (IDR)

    -   Napari feedback (Juan & Talley)

        -   T: imaging what workflow pipelines might look like (in
            > napari, etc.). Don’t have an internal metadata model.
            > There’s just a dict where stuff can be dropped. No
            > knowledge of dimensions. What happens if 2 separate nodes
            > want to know something about a label? OME model would be a
            > natural thing to standardize on. (Dimensionality)

        -   J: hard-coding.

            -   Example data to try out?

        -   Josh: ask at regular intervals where the images are.

        -   Juan: hierarchical model:

            -   Josh: going in the direction of more hierarchies

            -   Chris: balancing issue on filesystem

            -   Mattias working on Zarr spec (czi grant): not sure if
                > the current state could fix issues. Spec meeting on
                > Friday

        -   J-m: re: pipelines -- running headless? Talley: always
            > headless first.

            -   Juan: strong desire is that “napari headless is python”

        -   J-m: re: pipelines -- any algorithms and what metadata they
            > need?

            -   Juan: all of scikit-image. They should be annotated with
                > type information

            -   Potentially something like an OME:Image type (but start
                > simple)

            -   I.e. know as much as possible about the image as
                > possible but still work from raw arrays.

            -   Talley: progressive enhancement. Start with dask plan,
                > type & shape of array, and then identify algorithms.

            -   J-m: how to determine the array for a filter in
                > scikit-image.

            -   Juan: should also be pure python (no GUI)

            -   Chris: opencv guys have had image types for some time.
                > I.e. *some* lite wrapping of arrays. Juan: type
                > annotations rather than classes.

-   [<u>Deep Copy</u>](https://github.com/ome/design/issues/20) (Josh &
    > Mark)

    -   Hybrid version which uses in-place like functionality to link
        > (or if necessary copy) files in /Files as well as
        > /ManagedRepository.

    -   No database upgrade required.

    -   Goal is to have working functionality before Mark leaves mid
        > October.

    -   Simon: anything under managedRepo is immutable? If so it should
        > be fine to hardlink.

        -   Hardlinking attachments which can be modified could be a
            > problem (one file but two copies of metadata)

    -   J-M: projection:

        -   Duplicate of metadata might help to solve the metadata issue

    -   Simon: copy vs symlink

        -   Josh: decide where in the hierarchy where we can copy or
            > symlink.

    -   Petr: importance of documentation in terms of explanation

    -   Deep copy issue:

        -   Space

        -   Time

            -   Josh: metadata overhead implies that we might not gain
                > much time

    -   Symlink:

        -   Petr: could be useful for publication and possible to
            > explain

        -   Publication workflow: locking file in “unix” sense to avoid
            > deletion (cf. Thomas Zobel)

    -   Delete:

        -   Way to indicate what can be deleted, what is symlinked: no

    -   Simon: annotation on the copied dataset so the user has a way to
        > find out.

-   SA:

    -   eel/octopus still alive due to tied jenkins jobs

-   Glencoe

    -   Change from 5.6.1 custom build to be migrated to OS

    -   Melissa: issue with processed data generating non normalized
        > floating data in Tiff

        -   Zoom level scaling not testing. Iviewer not using it, it is
            > doing its own stuff

        -   Few more steps to do

        -   Existing Doc to be improved

-   Community

    -   Shutting down help.o.org -&gt; redirecting to guide

    -   Pdf will still be available under
        > [<u>https://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/help/</u>](https://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/help/)

    -   Jason:

        -   Community meeting output:

            -   Start global discussion on different issues. Jason will
                > start to organise things while taking time off away
                > from zoom.

        -   Ome face masks coming out soon

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)
