---
tags: Tuesday
---

# 2020-12-08

## Attending: June, Seb, Petr, Frances, Jean-Marie, Dom, Josh, Simon, David, Erin, Melissa, Chris, Emil, Kevin

Start: 2:00 pm UK

## Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://github.com/ome/meeting-minutes)

## Project Status

(2-3 minutes each)

- IDR
  - Frances: Hoping to release prod91 Thursday, though still working on it
  - Two studies (HCS & mouse)
  - Some compound updates
  
- NGFF
  - Josh: Working on roadmap for the new year
    - HPA & Metadata, Conversion workflows, Spatial context, Analytics
    - Goal of having IDR imports stay on S3.
  - Also various small spec suggests from workshops, etc.

- Releases
  - J-m: working through [GHA](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TRSYRRg-2fT1-YEmvAgRnZA0j1-qTAE6JyAYxiADKGs/edit?pli=1#heading=h.hupxydyrpnba) 
    - Part of daily standup through the end of the year
    - May need hands on deck at least for the review
    - Seb: approach has been to reduce the noise, once it's signed off then just push. J-m: some of them pass, some don't, but can merge once they're green.
    - Ansible coming up.

- SA: N/A

- Glencoe
  - Chris: nothing big.
  - Kevin opening doc PRs
  - Melissa opened HCS PRs (bioformats2raw)

- Community
  - Next workshop: Sweden
  - GBI 27th of January
  - Gothenburg may want another
  - VIZBI 2021 (March)
    - NGFF/Vizarr/napari?

## AOB

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people and rescheduled)
- June & Josh: renewal
- News from Simon: first PR 2012 against insight ...
  - now moving on to HIC from 1st of Feb 2021

## Main Topic

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
