---
title: 2020-01-07
---

Dundee: Will, Petr, Dominik, Mark, June,

Remote: Josh, Jason, Frances, Andreas, Emil, J-m, David, Liza, Ola

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   Working on releasing prod73 before end of Jan

        -   HPA run 7

        -   Idr0075 - Honey bee

-   Python3

    -   M5 docs done yesterday

    -   bin/omero removal -- This will take us to “phase 2” simplifying
        > the release of omero-py fixes, but is a bit tricky at this
        > stage and requires a doc review.

        -   Ensures that users are NOT using lib/python shipped with
            > server

    -   App updates -- All Python libraries on PyPI are being pinned to
        > Python 3 which *should* mean that users who have not upgraded
        > to Python 3 will stay on the older versions as intended.

    -   Ola pinged Balaji - install testing from docs etc

    -   Feedback from docs please… Can re-release quickly, up to 1 per
        > day

        -   [<u>http://docs.openmicroscopy.org/omero/5.6</u>](http://docs.openmicroscopy.org/omero/5.6)
            > !

    -   Jason: next goal to update IDR to use OMERO 5.6, any issues?

        -   Josh: use downtime to investigate any issues

        -   Simon: should just work

        -   Josh: yes, once ansible roles updated

            -   Data ingest changes - need to update google doc. E.g.
                > remove bin/omero

    -   JM: Debian 10 and CentOS 8 still not working (can’t login - Open
        > SSL issue on Debian)

-   SA (learning/mail) - 14:10

    -   Jason: GPFS Server Licenses?

-   Glencoe

    -   Finally have a working develop setup which we'll be working
        > through over the coming days and trying to open some PRs
        > against the decoupled repositories.

    -   FYI, starting soon we'll be starting to redirect OMERO Plus and
        > GS Bio-Formats away from
        > [qa.openmicroscopy.org.uk](http://qa.openmicroscopy.org.uk/)
        > for update checks and QA submissions.

    -   New file format work PRs coming soon.

    -   Testing of python3

    -   Setup Glencoe QA to take customer feedback

-   Community

    -   Jason: May 26-28 proposed date for next OME users meeting in
        > Dundee.

        -   Any vetoes?

    -   Petr: 17th January EastBio 1.5 hour slot for OMERO.

        -   Could use python-2 server if not time to set-up OMERO 5.6.

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Project performance and promotion - display usage stats etc.

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
