---
tags: Tuesday
---

# 2020-10-06

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/2HZIRlkbRdeXT8hRsKHo5g/badge)](https://hackmd.io/2HZIRlkbRdeXT8hRsKHo5g)


Attending: Seb, Andreas, Dominik, Frances, June, Mark, Petr, Wilma, David, Jean-Marie, Simon, Melissa, Jason, Erin, Chris, Emil

Start: 2:00 pm UK

## Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://github.com/ome/meeting-minutes)

## Project Status

(2-3 minutes each)

- IDR
    - Frances: prod89 released today incl. 2 new studies:
        - idr0094 second Sars-COV-2 dataset. Upcoming press release
        - idr0091 bacterial time-lapse imaging study

- NGFF
    - Seb: Trying to ramp up on a set features
        - HCS metadata layout/spec for OME-Zarr 
        - Notebooks with a parallelizable analysis
        - Thumbnail microservice in IDR 
        - Some form of visualization of the plate layout
        - Export of the images
    - Dataset: idr0033
        - Demo by end of November

- OMERO 5
    - Mark: OMERO 5.6.3 released last week

- Bio-Formats 6.6
    - Seb: most API changes opened for inclusion in minor release. Focusing on testing and identifying blockers
        - memoization for sub-readers requires more investigation/discussion. Pushed to a follow-up minor release. 
        - post release considerations: OMERO, IDR, bioformats2raw
    - David: starting to finalize next week.
        - ETA: end of next week or the week after
    - Simon: can the IDR Bio-Formats fork be dropped?
        - Seb: further reducing the divergence (a few readers). Still a few places (memoization, Screen)
    - Jason: outside IDR use case, worth looking into ways to communicate the API value to Bio-Formats consumers
        - Seb: few examples demonstrating the usage of these concepts.
        - Look into something to complement the detailed release notes e.g. blog post or similar

- SA
    - Simon: nightshade upgrade incl. GPFS upgrade
        - Seb: also fix the temp file filling up as part of downtime?
        - Simon: originally tried to reduce the impact of files download. Other paths might be involved

- Glencoe
    - Chris: fixing series of issues in bioformat2raw.

- Community
    - Petr: Likely two workshops at the end of November
        - McGill and Goteborg: want shorter workshops (user-targetted)
    - Jason: NIH Funding for 4DN project
        - UI integrating OMERO with genomics, loci, in-situ
        - 5 years of 80% FTE
        - Need to work out communication.
    - Petr: series of workshops will happen next year

## AOB

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people and rescheduled)

- Mark's last Tuesday meeting!

## Main Topic

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
