---
title: 2020-08-25
---

Attending: Seb, Josh, Frances, June, J-m, Mark, David, Simon, Dom, Erin,
Ola, Wilma, Andreas (=13)

Chris, Jason, Kevin, Melissa, Will

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9Xg53EhqUycZEVHclBwRHNFRGM)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   Frances: working on next release with 2 new studies (0082, 0092)
        > and HPA run8

    -   HPA import is a bit slow, but hopefully can get it out \~Thurs.
        > next week

    -   JRS: seeing more submissions, and though many to BioStudies,
        > more reference studies as well.

-   NGFF (Josh)

    -   Masks are now called labels

    -   Multiscale labels led to a refactoring. (*Nearly* done, thanks
        > to mypy) Feedback welcome.

        -   Feedback welcome - API changes

        -   OpenCV works nicely for downscaling - will be included in
            > ome-zarr-py

    -   Aim to use zarr labels for IDR submission Quant? QuPath Mask too
        > large for Java!

    -   Outstanding is the label metadata itself. Should be fairly
        > straightforward to add.

    -   [<u>Color discussion - JSON
        > format</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-ms-zarr/issues/62#issuecomment-676062914).

    -   Next is to use the new structure for an IDR submission. May
        > require synchronization with QuPath (+ export scripts)

        -   Simon: idr0071 might be another use case. Small images/masks
            > but large volume of them

    -   Chris: recent paper on compression and impact on results

        -   JRS: certainly in HCS. may be interesting to go back and
            > review.

        -   JAM: running multiple compressions

        -   JRS: several HuBMAP candidates

    -   Jason: what’s needed to move towards ‘release’

    -   Josh: need to write up status on image.sc - but hard to stop
        > adding stuff!

        -   But, after multi-scale and API changes - ready to expose to
            > community

        -   Seb: can we share before we do lots of IDR testing?

        -   Josh: needs some “real data” testing first, so we know it’s
            > working

        -   Jason: write 1k words and sent to Journal?

        -   Josh: not on multi-scale labels etc until image.sc
            > discussion & community feedback

    -   Chris: maybe pick a partner for ‘early feedback’?

        -   Josh: could do

-   SA

    -   Storage failure last week:

        -   VMWare cluster lost physical disks, took out virtual disks.
            > 2 DB gone

        -   Postgres recovered quite well.

        -   Demo segfault after restart

        -   Nightshade OK.

        -   Only lost 1 hour of transactions. Were snap-shotted 2hrs
            > before

        -   UoD data recovery worked well

        -   Postgres is 9.6 - Upgrading to 11 (dump, upgrade, restore)

        -   Simon: offline copy of nightshade mailing list would help

            -   Pgdump deletes previous dump first (dumping to same
                > folder)

            -   Be careful with language. E.g. “catastrophic disk
                > failure” sounds worse than it is.

    -   Renewal of warranty for UoD IDR hardware - hard to get help from
        > Dell

        -   Simon & Jason going through \# of servers, etc.

    -   LDAP failure

        -   Older LDAP server - should be working again now

        -   Need to migrate to newer LDAP server soon

    -   SSL certificates

        -   O.org certs - took less than a day this time ;)

-   Glencoe - Chris

    -   TileDB support in BioFormats2raw

    -   Zarr inputs & outputs to work with CellProfiler and other tools

    -   N5 repo - made comments

    -   PR on TileDB stuff soon - working on metadata issues

-   Community

    -   FYI: Looking at omero-guides to sort out some search issues

    -   Ola: using zarr and idr - napari to load images from backend.

    -   Chris: Dockerhub to start throttling polls soon

        -   Josh: largest concern is existing Images.

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

-   Bio-formats options file

    -   [<u>https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o9GYM9XGfsE4UIYrra25xfgtx85FESxtE6a-nHAO1F0/edit\#slide=id.g928e60de90\_0\_5</u>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o9GYM9XGfsE4UIYrra25xfgtx85FESxtE6a-nHAO1F0/edit#slide=id.g928e60de90_0_5)

    -   Alternate representations of the same data.

    -   E.g. Missing HCS wells -&gt; blank planes OR ‘holes’ in plate?
        > Both could be “right”

    -   Options API in BF 5.3. Key-Value pairs to configure a concrete
        > reader

    -   Issue with persistence of options. How to configure for OMERO
        > etc?

        -   Propose INI-file of key-value pairs linked to fileset via
            > naming convention

    -   API questions: naming/linking convention?

    -   Simon: s3 - store authentication in INI files?

        -   E.g. different bucket has different credentials

    -   Seb: targeting 6.6
