---
title: 2020-07-07
---

Attending: Will, Josh, Sebastien, Simon, Jason, Jean-Marie, June, Wilma,
Petr, Frances, Melissa, Dom, David, Chris, Andreas, Emil, Erin, Kevin,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9Xg53EhqUycZEVHclBwRHNFRGM)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each

-   IDR:

    -   Next release… 2 studies, idr0084 and idr0086 both in testing.

        -   Release later this month

        -   Simon: Seb’s been testing B-F release on idr-testing

-   NGFF

    -   Masks

        -   A couple of discussions - notes available

        -   4 PRs open in various repos. All working with agreement on
            > format.

        -   No multi-resolution work yet (mask pyramids).

            -   Might be OK without downsampling for now

        -   Mark back next week to implement latest in microservice

        -   Groups. Other specs?

        -   Timeline/Demo

    -   NB: Ongoing python/bioformats [<u>twitter
        > thread</u>](https://twitter.com/DrAnneCarpenter/status/1277981620969115649)

        -   

    -   \[Simon\] Restarted attempt to get [<u>Ice 3.6 all platforms
        > into
        > conda-forge</u>](https://github.com/conda-forge/zeroc-ice-feedstock/issues/3)

-   GGlence:

    -   Welcome Erin

    -   Bio-Formats backports

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Mail migration has gone okay? Can now back up then turn off
        > necromancer?

        -   If it’s a full disk backup it should probably be encrypted,
            > otherwise backup relevant directories

    -   Seb: mbox -&gt; Google Group archiving workflow

        -   Runs overnight and “it works” - low cost

        -   Ome-users Done

        -   Google groups more searchable

        -   Jason: nit-pick and devel would be worth doing

            -   Good record of 2 decades

-   Community

    -   Eosc training: J-M & Petr attended this am a zoom conf about
        > remote training. Some usual tools/tips presented. TODO: go
        > over some of the notes

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Release process started: BF 6.5.1 to get out first

-   OME Team Funding and Contracts

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
