---
title: 2020-05-19
---

Attending: Jason, Seb, mark, Frances, June, Liza, Simon, Dom, Melissa,
Josh, David, Wilma, Petr,

> Ola, Will, J-M, Chris

Start: 1:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9Xg53EhqUycZEVHclBwRHNFRGM)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   Frances: prod82 released with idr0081.

    -   Josh: Multiple containers belonging to the same study shown in
        > the “X Studies” sections of gallery

    -   Simon: working on updated nginx logs

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Mark - still looking at mailing lists when time allows.
        > Experimenting with interaction between Google Groups and UoD
        > mailing lists.

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   Dealing with poorly formatted data - lots of usage by community

    -   Seb: add warning to Bio-Formats?

    -   Chris: yes, should exit instead of trying to handle it

    -   5.6.1 upgrades ongoing

    -   romio jars issues - want to be able to consume
        > [<u>https://github.com/ome/omero-romio/pull/21/</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-romio/pull/21/)

    -   Just need to make a release.

-   Community

    -   Lots of registrations for the OME meeting. &gt; 225

    -   Updates to website etc being pushed out

    -   Speakers responding re: video recordings

    -   Discussion templates.. Josh - format works.

    -   How to handle large number of downloads of videos from OME site?

    -   Jason: load shouldn’t be too high, spread across timezones.

    -   Simon: upload to youtube ahead of time in case?

    -   Frances/Seb talk progressing well

    -   Seb: zoom settings for recordings - can post somewhere?

    -   Workshops will be live (just talks are recorded)

    -   JM: quick overview of workshops on Thurs

    -   Petr: will need workshop leaders to handle zoom

    -   Jason: need co-host to monitor raised hands & chat, flag
        > questions, mute users etc.

    -   Petr - hosts will need help. Will have 1 zoom link per workshop.
        > E.g. figure. Re-used for repeat.

    -   Jason - pick co-hosts and run-through instructions, either
        > Thursday, Friday or Monday.

    -   OME team - info in the next few days on registering for
        > workshops etc.

    -   Petr: need to be sure of your zoom account details/login.

    -   Jason: need to use same e-mail as you used for meeting
        > registration.

    -   First 2 days - will receive single zoom link - everyone is just
        > a participant

    -   For workshops, you will be given permissions to start & host
        > calls.

    -   Seb: can we set the time to go over this?

    -   Petr & Simon - today/Wed/Thurs. Others on Friday,

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
