Attending: Frances, Josh, Petr, Mark, Dom, June, Jason, J-m, Will, Seb,
Wilma, Andreas,

Melissa, Kevin, David, Emil, Liza, Chris

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9Xg53EhqUycZEVHclBwRHNFRGM)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   ok

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   FW: idr0081: human adenovirus screen. Imported into idr-next.
        > Should be ready for release \~next week (before OME2020).

    -   Seb: (knock on wood) “the disks have arrived”. Ongoing work that
        > is about to be released. Need to discuss when/how to migrate
        > back to Embassy, especially with the meeting upcoming.

-   IO Wrap up (Josh) - 14:02

    -   Run through of zarr work last Friday (Video online from zoom -
        > not public)

    -   Closed trello etc

    -   Generally wrapping up in preparation for the community meeting.

    -   Cleanup and small fixes as we prepare for meeting

    -   Larger docs discussion (see
        > [<u>docs\#2125</u>](https://github.com/ome/ome-documentation/issues/2125))

    -   JRS: community needs this!

    -   J-m: still look into the Java side of things as a next step,  
        > unlikely to be finished before OME2020.

    -   Will: n-dimensional SPIM

        -   Josh: need to release OME-model

        -   Could support less formally in napari/zarr without OME-XML

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Note that UoD POP/IMAP is to be turned off next Wednesday.

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   Not much. Grinding through upgrades.

    -   Coming across datasets where classical approach is very painful.

        -   Plates with 180K files each

        -   However swallowing the conversion pill is a big issue

        -   And then the import into OMERO is still a problem.

    -   Jxrlib has been updated to fix maven dependency issues.

    -   JRS: sending Liza off next week… Good bye!

-   Community - 14:14

    -   OME Meeting-- 127 registrants and counting.

    -   Chasing speakers (titles, videos, …) etc

        -   **May 25th is the deadline**

    -   Real-time editing of the agenda is ongoing

    -   Petr: how do we triage & publish? JRS: TBD (waiting on concrete
        > video)

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   Josh: OMERO release?

    -   J-M: published installation doc is currently not correct (C7 due
        > to postgresql link being broken!). Everything has been fixed
        > and merged. So Good to have that out too

        -   Docs release would include certificates and go out before
            > meeting

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
