---
title: 2020-08-11
---

Attending: Frances, Josh, Petr, Mark, David, Melissa, Jason, Simon,
June, J-m, Wilma, Andreas,

Kevin, Will (notes), Seb, Chris

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9Xg53EhqUycZEVHclBwRHNFRGM)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   Frances: prod86 going out tomorrow with 2 planned studies.

    -   Covid dataset in next release hopefully

-   NGFF

    -   S3 & community interest (Josh)

        -   Simon has setup minio proxy for ebi s3 to allow more
            > flexible auth

        -   Might be using ebi FIRE

    -   omero-ms-zarr (Mark)

        -   Mark: Current PR binary data for masks

        -   [<u>https://github.com/ome/omero-ms-zarr/pull/60</u>](https://github.com/ome/omero-ms-zarr/pull/60)

    -   Mark now moving on to deep copy instead.

-   SA

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   N5 / n5-zarr PRs merged

    -   Feedback on performance issues

    -   Looking at Imglib2 for bioformats2raw, e.g. scaling etc.

    -   Proposals for adding metadata for downsampling

    -   Looking at tile\_db

-   Community

    -   Josh: community meetings

        -   Also: Zulip - private messages make community harder

            -   People aren’t comfortable ‘chatting’ on image.sc

        -   How often do we want non OME-team to join Tuesday meetings?

        -   Other projects are more open

        -   Jason: larger discussions / topics, e.g. monthly meetings

        -   Simon: e.g. jupyter project posts meeting agenda
            > before/after

        -   Simon: post more frequently on image.sc - eg. today’s
            > meeting etc.

            -   Often get a response on image.sc for releases etc.

            -   Josh: use
                > [<u>https://hackmd.io/</u>](https://hackmd.io/) for
                > posting notes in markdown?

    -   FYI: help.o.org now pointing to the guides

        -   Jason: thanks to JM & Petr

    -   FYI: [<u>NG Metadata
        > Grant</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1faDqt2-L3ePR2WjJlRoAWhvmQVS6KkjlQ1chVibPWs8/edit)
        > funded. Mostly around metadata.

        -   Diagrams in proposal helpful

    -   … anything else?... OME masks have arrived! Will be sent out.

    -   QA uploader (quasi-main topic):

        -   Flash is dead

        -   Riad updated the uploader with JavaScript uploader
            > ([<u>https://fineuploader.com/</u>](https://fineuploader.com/))

            -   Wasn’t possible to deploy it, migrate QA1 -&gt; QA2

        -   Options:

            -   Figure out the upgrade

            -   Create new QA3

            -   Use public s3 uploader (e.g. we have a dev minio
                > already)

            -   Mi

            -   Ftp (currently we use Glencoe’s ftp for some users)

                -   Create new one as for idr at ebi

            -   Web uploader

                -   Josh - update Riad’s work with s3 backend?

        -   Submitting files from Insight would keep working as now

        -   Simon: nicest for user is Riad’s UI, how hard is it for us
            > to deploy?

        -   Josh: s3 needs us to send users a token (similar to current
            > private ftp workflow)

        -   Summary - next 3-6 months

            -   Look at using Riad’s code

            -   Backed by s3

            -   Then look at improving security

        -   Riad’s code is runnable via docker, so easy to deploy
            > current code

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
