---
title: 2020-07-21
---

Attending: Simon, Frances, June, Seb, Will, Dom, Mark, Jason, Josh,
Wilma, Melissa, David, Andreas, Erin Diel

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9Xg53EhqUycZEVHclBwRHNFRGM)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   Prod85 out tomorrow with 3 new studies.

-   NGFF

    -   Mark: Working on adding masks to OMERO Zarr microservice.

-   SA

    -   Demo upgraded. Learning/sls-gallery too

    -   Nightshade 5.6.2 upgrade tomorrow morning

    -   Can we delete {eel,octopus}.openmicroscopy.org ?

        -   Turn off and see what breaks (after stand-up tomorrow)

    -   Be aware no password expiry emails for Lifesci accounts

-   Glencoe

    -   Chris: Working on new file formats, looking at publicising
        > analysis and storage requirements for sysadmins. Converting
        > some existing plates to Zarr

-   Community: âˆ’

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

-   If you need access to UoD buildings talk to June first and get
    > confirmation

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
