---
tags: Tuesday
---

# 2020-12-15

Attending: Will, Jean-Marie, Sebastien, June, Petr, Chris, Jason, Kevin, Simon, David, Melissa, Kevin, Erin, Emil, 

Start: 2:00 pm UK

## Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://github.com/ome/meeting-minutes)

## Project Status

(2-3 minutes each)

- IDR
  - prod91 release - Next release in January - TBD.
  - 2020 summary
    - Increase by 25% - 30%. Lots more images, organisms etc.
    - Jason: Congrats all round. Need summary tweet with numbers.

- NGFF
  - Seb: Glencoe working on HCS - feedback on spec. More work needed to handle sparse plates
  - JM: Galaxy round-table. Working on Galaxy using obect storage / s3. Interested in seeing vizarr etc.
    - Currently loading whole planes
    - Next meeting in Jan

- Releases
   - JM: Final push on [GHA](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Lczm5L1YAtWmGHAOaDVdJr9IIJoh5YW7UbtSxWgSCE0/edit#gid=0)
   - Few more left on less-active repos
   - Need testing of artifacts (insight etc.) generated via GitHub Actions.
   - GHA moving to latest Ubuntu soon (Travis was using 1604)
   - Building on Windows and Mac trickier. Various issues. Ice versions, deps etc.
   - Simon: need to decide on what client platforms we support
   - Seb: BioFormats 6.6 release - HCS readers (Glencoe partnership)

- SA
  - Jason: Simon leaving in Jan.
  - Recruiting for the team.

- Glencoe - Chris:
  - GHA migration ongoing. Good to force cleanup
  - jzarr research - License updates. GPL v3 added to various headers. Need to clarify.
  - Project-wide License is MIT.
  - Jason: Glencoe also hiring

- Community
  - JM: Call tomorrow to organise workshop in Sweden in Feb.
  - EOSC (European Open Science Cloud) life.
    - Expertise in data FAIR
  - 

## AOB

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people and rescheduled)
  - Last Tuesday meeting of the year (none next week)
  - Need to post "OME is on holiday etc."

## Main Topic

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
