---
title: 2020-06-16
---

Attending: Mark, Josh, Seb, Petr, Frances, David, Simon, Andreas, June,
(9)

Will, Melissa, J-m, Jason, Kevin, Chris,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9Xg53EhqUycZEVHclBwRHNFRGM)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   Migration is complete!

    -   Next release: prod84 (idr0071, idr0077, idr0079).

        -   Starting to load idr0077 in the next server

    -   Timeline for S3 storage? End of June

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Mark: I will create a couple of Google Groups at omexml.org for
        > testing.

        -   Could be new groups corresponding to legacy mail aliases or
            > mailman lists with same list name and subscribers. Any
            > preferences as to which lists? Or I'll probably pick an
            > alias one and a mailman one. Also happy to adjust
            > subscribers according to who does or does not want to be
            > part of the testing. Good to include someone with non-UoD
            > address, could add personal ones.

        -   Also happy to create any lists for current discussions,
            > e.g., NGFF, to see how that goes as a test, or simply some
            > test list that we intend to throw away once done.

        -   My planned default is to create groups where:

            -   anyone can post but mail from non-members is held for
                > moderation

            -   old posts are archived but visible to members only.

        -   Final migration could be done fairly quickly once “go ahead”

        -   Feedback on list names by EOB today - can then start testing

        -   Jason: just go ahead by end of week

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   Progress on NGFF - moving to Java

    -   Omero-roi-tool updates yesterday for QuPath guides workflows

    -   OME-TIFF PRs - BioQuant is new ‘commercial partner’ creating
        > OME-TIFFs

-   Community

    -   iRODS User Group Meeting (Josh attended)

        -   Link collection

            -   CyVerse -
                > [<u>http://cyverse.org</u>](http://cyverse.org)

                -   E.g. [<u>Continuous
                    > Analysis</u>](https://gitlab.com/cyverse/nafigos)
                    > (K8S), [<u>ansible
                    > playbooks/modules</u>](https://github.com/cyverse/ds-playbooks/tree/master/irods/library),
                    > [<u>"subspace"</u>](https://github.com/cyverse/subspace)

            -   [<u>Yoda</u>](https://irods.org/uploads/2018/Smeele-UtrechtUni-Yoda-paper.pdf)
                > (Utrecht) -
                > [<u>https://utrechtuniversity.github.io/yoda/</u>](https://utrechtuniversity.github.io/yoda/)

            -   Metadata: [<u>json-ld
                > converters</u>](https://pypi.org/project/irods-avu-json/)
                > (cf.
                > [<u>Paul</u>](https://irods.org/uploads/2019/vanSchayck-Maastricht-JSON2AVU-slides.pdf)
                > Van S. OMERO user), [<u>netcdf
                > parsing</u>](https://github.com/d-w-moore/extract_netcdf_header_msvc)

            -   [<u>https://github.com/irods/irods\_demo</u>](https://github.com/irods/irods_demo)
                > (docker-compose)

            -   [<u>https://github.com/irods/irods\_testing\_jenkins/tree/master/irods\_docker\_files</u>](https://github.com/irods/irods_testing_jenkins/tree/master/irods_docker_files)

            -   [<u>https://github.com/irods/irods\_resource\_plugin\_s3</u>](https://github.com/irods/irods_resource_plugin_s3)

            -   [<u>Hard
                > links</u>](https://github.com/irods/irods_demo),
                > [<u>idrop
                > (uploader)</u>](https://github.com/irods-contrib/idrop)

            -   [<u>NIH</u>](https://datascience.nih.gov/strides)
                > [<u>GA4GH</u>](https://github.com/michael-conway/irods-ga4gh-dos)
                > etc

        -   Best usage of iRODS for OMERO would be e.g replacement of
            > OMERO.dropbox

            -   Also useful for search

        -   But don’t want to make OMERO depend on iRODs (install
            > complexity)

    -   OME Meeting [<u>Survey
        > Responses</u>](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Kaf-kE-KHrtNvr0gHqPS_ukvpJ8fjmNKiVnJCJZk5GI/edit#responses)

        -   Useful for discussions of future meetings

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

NGFF

-   Recap of [<u>yesterday's
    > call</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kCTxl9LpuDjDoF4hXayahbAkR8aM2IfTbXunOCE-tJc/edit#heading=h.ug8trrnvgcof)

-   Strawman
    > [<u>roadmap</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eY_ZajjFLUbylY-KjVqEH3FR-gWqyRImp73HYpMZZIM/edit#)

-   Any feedback from the team?

    -   Mark: two classes of use case. IDR case where data is available
        > and prepared. For OMERO 6, permissions become more important.
        > Brings questions about types of operations users would like to
        > do (deleting images…)

        -   Josh: could be broken down e.g. IDR metadata, binary
            > oriented question (ROIs, multimodal). See
            > [<u>https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eY\_ZajjFLUbylY-KjVqEH3FR-gWqyRImp73HYpMZZIM/edit</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eY_ZajjFLUbylY-KjVqEH3FR-gWqyRImp73HYpMZZIM/edit)
            > for preliminary list of buckets

    -   Chris: primary goal is have the option to read from Zarr either
        > on disk or from object store in current architecture. Easiest
        > place is on micro-service side

        -   Single place where micro-service relies on server:
            > thumbnailing micro-service. First candidate.

        -   Primary problem is Java ability to deal with arbitrary pixel
            > data access (numpy equivalent in Java-land).

        -   Image-region would quickly follow

        -   Core idea: downsampling upfront and store in Zarr. Then
            > perform on-the-fly rendering on small images

        -   Will: Sizes? Chris: Probably calculate all of them all the
            > way down to 16x16. Seb: Just another resolution

            -   Josh: and with ROIs on all of the resolutions as the
                > cherry on the cake!

        -   J-M: generation of downsampling will still need to happen

        -   Mark: saving rendering setting on zarr as well?

            -   J-M: show all rendering settings for a given user?
                > Currently only the later.

            -   Josh: idea of bookmarks. Stores a set of
                > representations.

    -   Jason: lots of use cases for significant number of ROIs

        -   Might need to define boundaries as an answer to external
            > requests

    -   Josh: assuming no vetoes, take a ROI focused milestone. Look at
        > dataset (upcoming + historical)

        -   Some work around gallery in addition to specification?

        -   Submitter’s regions? Touches the question of provenance

            -   Some initial discussion about generated results

            -   Jason: also examples generated from training.

            -   J-M: ideally some tooling to combine ground truth with
                > output of analysis

            -   Simon: doable when data is on S3. Combine Zarr files
                > from different locations. Effectively decentralized
                > without going through OMERO..

        -   Chris: forces to resolve question of defining the data
            > sources. In favor of completely separating Image from ROI
            > in NGFF in all cases.

            -   If immutable, makes everything is easier to handle

            -   Josh: brings other problems with it

            -   Decision we will have to make early on. Not made in the
                > case of OME-TIFF for instance where both
                > representations are possible

    -   Proposal: Glencoe focus on thumbnails + OSS focus on ROIs
