Dundee:

Remote: Frances, Will, June, Mark, Simon, Jean-Marie, David, Melissa,
Wilma,  
Petr, Kevin, Liza, Jason, Ola, Chris,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TndXeC3wQSZVEaB5ZGpEAaPRl1QAufSI)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR: Hoping to release prod74/80 on 3rd March - idr0056, idr0073,
    > and ROIs for idr0075

    -   Simon: new timetable available (see yesterdayâ€™s notes)

    -   Testing sheet available - update on doc when
        > tested.[<u>sheet</u>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ITZ5WTDmNlWDxmtYLlCTzZKaXNsJM4yoEbQgbMm01rI/edit#gid=171898937)

-   Next release

    -   More fixes needed.

-   SA (learning/mail)

-   Glencoe (Chris):

    -   Aligning recent work with ome repos.

-   Community

    -   Community Mtg
        > [<u>Agenda</u>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qbkkBvpSzv2adT4uNMcJmv12KPlp5I3yv0Hxl73O3Gw/edit#gid=0)

        -   Focus: public data resources

    -   Paris & Tim2020 are last workshops before the May Community
        > meeting

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic
-------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)
