Attending: Will, June, Dominik, Frances, Jean-Marie, Mark, Josh, Simon,
Jason, Wilma, Petr,

> Melissa, Emil, Chris, Kevin,

Start: 2:00 pm

1. Accepting minutes from [<u>last meeting</u>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9Xg53EhqUycZEVHclBwRHNFRGM)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Project Status
-----------------

(2-3 minutes each)

-   IDR

    -   prod83 is running (release will constitute the end of migration)

    -   Next release: 3 studies by the end of the month

-   SA (learning/mail)

    -   Cleaned up a couple of hundred user accounts on Virtual
        > Microscope to keep it fast.

    -   Will look at if Google Suite can suffice for all lists beyond
        > image.sc discussion instead of office 365 - more testing
        > needed

    -   Information Security Awareness Training mandatory refresher. By
        > August.

        -   Will schedule a time to do it together

-   Glencoe: Chris:

    -   Processing roi tool feedback

    -   Looking at tileDB, especially Java side. Compare with zarr/n5
        > etc

        -   Notes / feature comparison available soon

-   Community

    -   Request some OME tool addition under [<u>SMS
        > Resources</u>](http://scottishmicroscopygroup.org.uk/newsletters)?

        -   Jason: please go ahead

    -   Petr: call on Thursday to discuss future zoom workshop/meeting

3. AOB
------

(5 min. max; tech. Discussion should be highlighted to relevant people
and rescheduled)

4. Main Topic - Meeting decompress
----------------------------------

(20-25 minutes plus 15 minutes questions max)

### Prepared thoughts

-   Mark: I think the online community meeting went well, no doubt
    > thanks to all the work and testing done in preparation, also
    > helped by the presenter / host split. To cover everybody each year
    > without exhausting anybody, I wonder if it could work to have a
    > variety of smaller, more focused meetings, more frequently. For
    > example, each quarter, pick a time of either early or late, get
    > pre-recorded talks in a few days in advance, then have just a
    > couple of half-days scheduled that might not have something for
    > everybody.

-   Will:

    -   Workshops worked well - positive feedback. Would be good to run
        > more workshops in future.

    -   Would have been nice to have a full-time instant-messaging /
        > slack available to answer questions outside of zoom calls.

    -   Lots of attendees new to OME who wouldn’t have travelled, so
        > “intro” workshops useful

    -   Great to have videos of talks (good exposure, twitter etc) but
        > bit of a disconnect between the presentations and discussion.
        > Don’t know how to improve that?

-   Josh:

    -   “[<u>Global Zoom
        > Day</u>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1w0oVddpkjgPYIkZS4keXl_6cLu6JucgQOkiOX578ygI/edit#gid=0)”
        > tries to capture several of my general notes:

        -   Optional 1 hour opening to go with the 1 hour closing,
            > though it’s perhaps best to show a slide explaining the
            > looseness of that period.

        -   I’d strongly encourage more time between the workshops,
            > which likely means for the full conference running it over
            > more days.

        -   As Mark suggests, I could see running *one* of these days
            > more frequently, or several of them (3-5) for a full
            > conference.

    -   Clarifying **<u>recordings</u>** during registration: I think
        > there was a good deal of interest in having videos of the
        > workshops and discussions. With everything else under our
        > belt, this might be a good one to tackle.

    -   **<u>Threaded chats</u>**: as a chair, probably what would have
        > helped me the most would have been a dedicated threaded chat.

    -   For the NGFF topic, I think the topics need **<u>splitting into
        > binary and metadata</u>**, and perhaps a shorter combined
        > session.

    -   Similarly, I’m still in favor of splitting workshop sessions
        > into clear “**<u>basic</u>**” and “**<u>advanced</u>**”
        > sessions. Without the visual cues of who is following, more
        > prep and/or pre-registration is likely useful to tune the
        > content to the audience.

    -   For our own benefit, all sessions should likely make it into a
        > calendar. **<u>The .ics file</u>** could even be shared with
        > the community.

        -   Jason: Zoom invites do this?

    -   Would repeat and extend the **<u>breakout introductions</u>**.

-   J-M:

    -   Hard to follow chat in zoom/notes.

    -   Workshop: impossible to see chat or participants (only Dom)

    -   Short videos useful to publish.

    -   Splitting some workshops into basic/advanced of 1h.

    -   Q&A for lightning talks missing. Difficult to find a space for
        > it afterwards

    -   Maybe run couple of workshops at regular intervals e.g. every
        > two months. How to use iviewer, figure, script, installation
        > etc. It does not have to be new materials every time. We could
        > record them.

-   Dom:

    -   Recording of the workshop might not be necessary, questions
        > usually handled in the chat.

    -   Agree with Josh, threaded chats would have been useful. If there
        > are multiple questions at once it can be quite tricky. Also
        > that people who joined later can’t see the previous chat
        > history is annoying, as one has to repeat things for them
        > (URLs, credentials, etc).

    -   +1 for the idea of short, self-contained workflow videos for
        > people who miss a workshop.

    -   Overall: Was good. Chatsystem in Zoom is not ideal. One Host
        > dealing with letting people in, questions, etc. seems to be
        > enough for a workshop session with \~20-30 people.

-   Simon:

    -   Maybe have three people per workshop: presenter, Zoom manager,
        > note taker

    -   For future mini-workshops instead of Zoom it might be enough to
        > have a text chat only during which the OME team are available,
        > either themed or Reddit AMA style, so more like a drop-in
        > session

    -   Threaded chats would be useful in future

-   Video views:
    > /uod/idr/scratch/inbox/ome2020/ome2020-access-log-mp4s.svg

-   Frances:

    -   Difficult to follow discussion and answer questions in zoom chat
        > during Q+A. Many questions had follow-ups, which were done in
        > zoom chat.

    -   Confusion over recording of workshops. Should inform
        > participants beforehand that recording will not be made
        > public, but presentations will be available.

    -   Questions in workshops were mostly done in zoom chat, but worked
        > well.

    -   Hangouts worked well if people knew each other.

    -   Random breakout worked, but depends on the individuals in the
        > group. Some participants got scared and ran away.

-   Jason:

    -   +’s:

        -   Good, broad community engagement

        -   Despite the huge technical challenges, most things worked
            > well.

        -   Workshops very well attended and appreciated.

        -   Momentum around public data repos and NGFFs

    -   Not so +’s

        -   Loose ends

            -   Recording of workshops

        -   Chats are difficult-- not sure of the solution.

            -   Discussion Leader role vs Chat Leader Role?

        -   Hangouts

            -   Beverages or !Beverages

            -   Suggesting additional sessions raises bar on
                > organisation or participation

    -   ?’s

        -   Where was ImageJ?

            -   c.f., Bio-Formats starts

### Notes

-   JRS:

    -   Should spend some time focusing on the positive.

    -   Don’t have a final tally of how many participated, but certainly
        > most ever.

    -   Various private emails have been coming in. Huge success.

    -   Great time, great job. (All needed some hibernation time…)

-   Mark: asking participants for feedback?

    -   JRS: would like to construct a survey, focused on this format

    -   E.g. recordings, chat, etc. (Capturing from the above)

    -   JRS: other events I’ve gone to had 3x personnel. In comparison,
        > we did well.

-   Josh: Global zoom day: looking at rotating zoom meetings around 3
    > schedules to suit participants in diverse time zones.

    -   Image.sc-based zoom calls, run at different times by different
        > people

    -   Easiest to start with OME running zoom calls

    -   Could be informal “show and tell what you’re working on” to
        > better prepared/formal

    -   JM: a lot depends on the schedule / frequency

    -   Chris: More days, less per day.

    -   Petr: a lot of prep leading up to the meeting

-   Workshops

    -   Mark: late arrivals to workshops had trouble catching up.

    -   Will: late arrivals due to tight schedules

    -   Petr: had the feeling that the workshop day was intended to be
        > horrific

    -   Jason: considered spreading workshops over 2 days, but pros and
        > cons

    -   Jason: don’t need to restrict ourselves to once per year

-   Talk format

    -   Will: difficult to link Q&A to the slides. Anyway to fix?

    -   Will: like the lightning talks. Could shorten the others as
        > well.

    -   Petr: this assumes room to give the speakers feedback
        > (difficult)

    -   Note worries about the length of videos; we didn’t have enough
        > time.

    -   JRS: realities of dealing with externals

    -   Chris: in the format where you have recorded talks, you have to
        > be harder. Deadlines. Don’t have luxury of massaging on the
        > day.

    -   Will: shorter format might prevent the need to record before
        > hand (record and discuss inline)

    -   Simon: perhaps only collect links from youtube, etc. No further
        > limits.

    -   Chris: doesn’t solve the social issue. Couldn’t even be modified
        > 5 minutes before. Need to get rid of all the last minute
        > changes.

    -   Frances: more technical issues if live.

    -   JRS: if we are too hard-nosed, then we won’t get any content.

    -   Petr: people want to present, but are dragging their feet.

    -   Will: if live, perhaps a call

    -   JRS: see NIH webinar with prep session

    -   Simon: how would the discussion have gone without any talks?

    -   Petr: OME’s talks were crucial. How?

    -   Chris: cf. NGFF would have been radically different without.
        > Perhaps napari as well. Few key presentations that were
        > brought up repeatedly. Possibly content would have been
        > brought up anyway.

    -   J-m: talks encourage people to attend particular sessions. Gave
        > more weight to the discussion. Found some much clearer than
        > live talks.

    -   JRS: back to the question… no talks?

    -   Simon: at least limiting them to *key* talks?

    -   Chris: panel-like approach?

    -   Will: meeting has 2 purposes-- our telling the community what
        > we’re doing, but having the community telling

    -   Josh: see those (lightning or not) as being beneficial, but
        > could also pose leading questions for the discussions

    -   Mark: on being strict, if they are smaller and more frequent,
        > then you can just tell someone “next time”

    -   Chris: present it as an opportunity and a privilege.

    -   JRS: want to also see how others are (re-)using our tools

    -   Simon: do it more continually? Once-a-week?

    -   JRS: or month. Yeah. Certainly heard from the community to run
        > some kind of meeting more regularly, respecting time zones and
        > sampling activity across the globe.

    -   Mark: if recordings *were* public, then people from other time
        > zones can “participate”.

    -   JRS: agreed, *lots* of feedback that the recordings were great.
        > GZD shows it's hard to serve the entire community with *live*
        > content.

    -   Chris: **but** people were willing to wake up at 3 and hang
        > around for 14 hours. Number of people participating was great.
        > I.e. engagement. Bar is now high.

-   Following discussions

    -   Simon: how much did you get from verbal questions versus written
        > chats?

        -   Mark: noticed questions often in text and then answers
            > verbally

    -   JRS: really hard to follow chats, gdocs, etc.

        -   Maybe not technical but social issue? Discussion leader,
            > Chat leader, Technical leader

    -   Josh: hard to manage IM chats at the same time as presenting - 2
        > different conversations, Don’t know which questions have been
        > dealt with

    -   Simon: chat only? E.g. image.sc slack. Certainly less
        > preparation.

        -   Chris: need specialized moderators and bidirectional
            > communication.

        -   Raising the bar on the chat, puts a technical burden.
            > Authentication. Licenses.

        -   Basically cheated during the whole meeting, security by
            > obscurity.

        -   Simon: was thinking it would be a *lower* level. Online
            > presentation and a relatively casual discussion. Treat it
            > like any other community.

        -   Chris: e.g. difficult to manage a discord community

        -   JRS: imaging reddit AMA? Perhaps an AND rather than an OR.
            > But note the number of attendees who don’t know slack.

        -   Mark: re: following the zoom chats, had a blank document for
            > capturing things that still might need raising verbally.

        -   Josh: can see that being a solution if the various leaders

-   ImageJ

    -   JRS: Upgrade checks

    -   Topics asked (by bonafide users)

    -   J-m: some expression of integration (KNIME, etc)

-   Roadmap

    -   Will: how do we process all the content feedback? Changing
        > directions?

**<u>Actions</u>**:

-   Relatively short survey: format, videos, discussions (gdoc over next
    > few days)

-   Next format(s) & target(s) for digital discussion(s).

-   Blue box follow-ups.

    -   Simon: does that cover everyone who would join? Future pitches.
        > Focused on topic.
